Jurisdiction
61
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 47
State Senator
Elected Experience: Covington City Council, 2019 to present; Sound 
Cities Association Public Issues Committee; South King Housing and 
Homelessness Partners Executive Board 
Other Professional Experience: Diagnostic Medical Sonographer, 
(ARDMS, OB, RVT); Loan Originator; Choir Teacher; Piano Teacher; 
Mother of three 
Education: AA, Bellevue College; Registered Diagnostic Medical 
Sonographer (RDMS) certiﬁ  cation 
Community Service: Covington Chamber of Commerce, Covington 
Storehouse Food Bank, Covington City litter cleanup, Ukraine medical 
supply relief eff  ort organizer, school volunteer during COVID-19 school 
closures, PTA school board member, and more
Statement: For too many families in Kent, Auburn, and Covington, life 
is harder than it should be. Our leaders in Olympia are focused on 
political power instead of what our families, workers, and businesses 
need. That has to change. It’s why I’m running for State Senate, and it’s 
the reason I ﬁ  rst ran for offi   ce seven years ago.
I came to this country from Ukraine when I was ﬁ  ve years old without 
knowing the language, but I was blessed with opportunities made 
possible by strong schools, safe neighborhoods, thriving businesses, 
and a community focused on the future. When those values felt 
threatened, I stepped up to serve.
In 2019, I defeated a fourteen-year incumbent to serve on the 
Covington City Council because our families deserve better. Since 
then, I’ve focused on real results: launching the Clean Team to 
improve public spaces; fully funding our police, including funding 
for an additional offi   cer; pioneering a community resource offi   cer 
program for neighbors facing homelessness or mental health crises; 
and ﬁ  ghting to reduce traffi   c congestion. 
The 47th deserves a senator focused on results, accountability, and 
common-sense solutions - not partisan games. I’m ready to bring that 
to Olympia and I’d be honored by your vote.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 47 
 State Senator 
 Kristina 
Soltys 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (206) 227-1856 
 kristina@kristinaforsenate.com 
 kristinaforsenate.com 
Elected Experience: 47th LD State Senator since 2022
Other Professional Experience: Intergovernmental Aff  airs Liaison for 
the Muckleshoot Indian Tribe; Co-founder, Native Action Network
Education: 
Associate’s degree, Northwest Indian College; Certiﬁ  cate in 
Project Management, UW School of Business
Community Service: Former Chair of Green River College Board of 
Trustees. I also have received many accolades for my community 
service: Adeline Garcia Community Service Award, Seattle Indian 
Health Board; Recognition of Service Award, Green River College 
Board of Trustees; Champion for Children Award, Children’s Alliance; 
Golden Crayon Award, Early Learning Action Alliance; Governor’s 
Award of Excellence for a Lifetime of Volunteering, Governor Christine 
Gregoire
Statement: Our community is at a crossroads where the rising cost of 
living threatens the stability of every family. As your State Senator, my 
priority remains clear: making Washington aff  ordable for everyone. 
We must tackle the housing crisis by increasing supply and protecting 
renters from predatory price gouging. I’ve championed legislation 
to build more housing and will continue ﬁ  ghting for middle-income 
housing so people can live where they work.
I know what it’s like to balance rent and healthcare costs, groceries 
and gas, and try to make it all work. I’ve worked for property tax relief 
for seniors and expanded childcare access for working parents. We 
must ensure our social safety net is robust enough to catch those 
falling behind while building an economy where living-wage jobs are 
the standard, not the exception.
I’m running to ensure that South King County has a proven leader who 
understands the challenges of our diverse district. I’m proud to be 
endorsed by the Mayors of Auburn, Covington, and Kent, King County 
Executive Girmay Zahilay, the 47th District Democrats, the State Labor 
Council, and many others. I would be honored to earn your vote to 
keep working for a fair, inclusive, and aff  ordable Washington.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 47 
 State Senator 
 Claudia 
Kauﬀ  man 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (253) 335-1851 
 info@voteclaudiakauff  man.com 
 www.voteclaudiakauff  man.com 