50
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 33
/circle_arrow_rightState Representative Position No. 2
Elected Experience: No information submitted.
Other Professional Experience: I work full-time in demanding jobs 
while building a small business with my wife. These experiences show 
how government policies on taxes, regulations, energy costs, and 
housing aff  ect working families and small businesses daily.
Education: Hands-on experience as a small business owner and 
working professional. 
Community Service: I am committed to serving working families 
by listening to their concerns and ﬁ  ghting for solutions that make 
Washington more aff  ordable, safe, and fair for everyone. As a 
working-class immigrant balancing a full-time job and small business, I 
understand the daily pressures many Washingtonians face rather than 
the distant approach of career politicians in Olympia. 
Statement: I’m running for Washington State House to bring common 
sense back to Olympia. I am not a career politician — I am one of you. 
If you’re tired of politicians who forget the people they serve, join me. 
Together we will ﬁ  ght for lower housing and energy costs, fair taxes, 
stronger public safety, and practical solutions. Instead of creating 
endless rules that make life harder and increase government control, 
they should act as true public servants — making our lives easier so 
we can enjoy our families and achieve self-realization. Let’s put people 
over politics and deliver real results.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 33 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Yuri 
Marinchik 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
    
(253) 569-6477
 yurihr@proton.me     
yuriwa.com
Elected Experience: Mia Gregerson is a four-generation South King 
County resident, adopted from Taiwan by an Air Force family. She 
served on the SeaTac City Council, then as Mayor from 2008 to 2015, 
when SeaTac passed the ﬁ  rst $15 minimum wage in the country. 
She’s represented the 33rd District since 2013, serves as Vice-Chair of 
House Appropriations, Co-Chairs a statewide poverty reduction task 
force and helped establish Washington’s ﬁ  rst Offi   ce of Equity.
Other Professional Experience: Before the legislature, Mia spent 
nearly 20 years in the dental ﬁ  eld as a surgical assistant and business 
manager.
Education: She has a degree in history from the University of 
Washington. 
Community Service: No information submitted.
Statement: 
Times are tight. Groceries cost more. Gas costs more. Rent 
costs more. Families in our district feel it every week at the checkout 
line. The status quo isn’t working. I’ve worked to deliver real results to 
help struggling families during these challenging times. Free school 
meals for every kid in Washington. Emergency food assistance when 
SNAP beneﬁ  ts dropped. A Right to Repair law to save you money on 
electronics. Free transit for kids. Millions for the 224th corridor and 
Kent’s rapid ride bus. Endorsed: State Labor Council, One America 
Votes, Adam Smith, Tina Orwall, Edwin Obras, Bob Ferguson, and 
more.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 33 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Mia Su-Ling
Gregerson 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
    
(206) 795-1950
 peopleformia@gmail.com 
 MiaGregerson.com 