Jurisdiction
25
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Congressional District No. 8
United States Representative
Elected Experience: PCO 2017-present. County Legislative District 
Chairman 2018-2022. County Chairman 2022-2023.
Other Professional Experience: Four decades’ professional 
experience in Science, Engineering, Data Science, Machine Learning, 
Online Services, and Business Intelligence serving Healthcare, Military, 
Manufacturing, Software Development, and Information Security 
businesses and government. Commercial clients include Amazon, 
Microsoft, Nike, UnitedHealth, Kaiser, MultiCare, Ernst-Young, Altria, 
W.R. Grace, and TotalEnergies. Government clients include King 
County Metro, Apple Health, Medicare/Medicaid, Veterans Aff  airs, 
Department of War/Defense.
Education: Recent Professional Certiﬁ  cations include University 
of Pennsylvania, The Wharton School: Data Analytics; University 
of Washington: Machine Learning and Data Manipulation at Scale, 
Systems and Algorithms.
Community Service: Scouting Troop Committee Chairman, Assistant 
Scoutmaster. Election Observer.
Statement: As your U.S. Representative, I will be a tireless advocate 
for you and our communities here in Washington, committed to 
always putting you, your family, and America First.
People here at home are facing unprecedented challenges made 
worse by the high costs of housing, food, energy, healthcare, and 
other basic needs while politicians in the other Washington are 
obsessed with blaming each other and generating clicks and likes on 
social media. In Congress, I will focus exclusively upon making your 
life better and improving opportunities for you and our people here 
at home. Just as I have always done in private life and throughout my 
career, I will bring people together to solve important problems.
We need a strong voice of the people serving in Congress, someone 
who has a record of actually getting things done, not just another 
government career builder, political agitator, or activist trying to build 
name recognition. My successful career was built outside of The 
Swamp of government. We need innovative, free-market solutions 
proven in the real world. I will serve you and our people, take 
responsibility for solving problems, and deliver what I promise while 
always being available, accessible, and accountable to you...and never 
make excuses.
You deserve to keep more of your hard-earned money. You deserve 
safety and security. You deserve to be able to reach out and take hold 
of the American Dream. You deserve a better U.S. Representative. I 
will ﬁ  nd common ground with others, build relationships, and take 
actions to make your life better. That is the job of a Congressman.
Endorsements include multiple Legislative District and County Party 
committees on both sides of the mountains.
Questions? Please visit my website, watch my videos, join my live 
events, call, text, or email me and let me answer all of your questions.
 State 
 Congressional District No. 8 
 United States Representative 
 Bob 
Hagglund 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (425) 835-3135 
 info@LetsElectBob.com 
 LetsElectBob.com 
Elected Experience: Granite Falls High School-Freshman Class 
President. A public servant, not a politician; off  ering a servant 
perspective grounded in frontline service. 
Other Professional Experience: I’ve served Washington—supporting 
teens in group homes, working in mental health, in schools across 
Washington, and in law enforcement as a parole offi   cer in both the 
juvenile and adult systems. I’ve seen these struggles ﬁ  rsthand; and I’m 
stepping up to deliver the accountability and change our communities 
deserve. 
Education: B.A. Political Science, Washington State University.
Community Service: I’ve been in those homes, those classrooms, 
and the hardest of situations. I’m committed to stronger communities 
through eff  ective policy shaped by experience. 
Statement: Please allow me to introduce myself.
When I drive through the 8th District, I don’t just see houses—I see 
memories. From Darrington to Lake Chelan, the Columbia, The 
Puyallup, wrestling at CWU, and growing up in Granite Falls, this 
district isn’t just lines on a map—it’s my heart. Born in Sunnyside, 
I come from the small towns and suburbs too often overlooked by 
politics. These aren’t just places to me—they’re who I am.
A public servant and former Parole Offi   cer—I’m no politician. My 
agenda is built on service. Working in group homes for teenagers, 
supporting individuals with mental health and developmental 
disabilities, even serving at the very schools I once attended. My 
career has been spent on the frontlines of public safety and our 
community. I go where the problems are biggest, the stakes are 
highest, and the need is greatest; and stay until the job is done. I’ll 
usher in a new generation of principled, common sense leadership 
focused on Justice. Accountability. Aﬀ  ordability. 
That means bringing Federal prosecutions for violent gang and gun 
crimes. Defending the 2nd Amendment. It means restoring trust in 
government through federal audits. Permanently securing tax relief 
for seniors and working Americans. Investments in reliable energy and 
trades profession apprenticeships—creating real opportunities for 
generations to come. Securing the future of the 8th District.
I’m the underdog in this race—no establishment backing, no ﬂ  ashy 
ads, no big money. I bring the unconventional: authenticity, principles 
over party, and a voice that speaks for you. While others listen to 
megadonors and lobbyists, I’m listening to you. I represent you. I work 
for you!
If you want results—not political theater. Vote for a new generation 
of leadership that’s been tested. Grounded in service. Focused on our 
District. Valleza for Congress: Rooted. Tested. Leadership.
 State 
 Congressional District No. 8 
 United States Representative 
 Andres 
Valleza 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (425) 280-4608 
 Valleza4Congress@gmail.com 
 Valleza4Congress.com 