42
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 30
State Representative Position No. 1
Elected Experience: No information submitted.
Other Professional Experience: Small business owner with 
experience in budgeting, marketing, customer service, and 
community engagement. This work has provided with me a ﬁ  rsthand 
understanding of the challenges facing families, workers, and 
local businesses while strengthening my skills in communication, 
organization, and problem-solving.
Education: 
I have a background in health and wellness with training in 
massage therapy, herbalism, and yoga instruction.
Community Service: 
Community service includes involvement with my 
daughter’s co-op, supporting nonproﬁ  t fundraising eff  orts beneﬁ  ting 
Seattle Children’s Hospital, and volunteering with local churches. I also 
support mothers and families in my community through childcare, 
postpartum support, and hands-on help when needed.
Statement: As a mother and small business owner, I cannot stand by 
as our state continues down a destructive path. Families are struggling 
with rising costs, including property taxes, gas prices, and increasing 
utility bills, while government spending continues to grow. We are 
not better off   than we were four years ago. Our children deserve the 
opportunity to grow up and succeed in the state we know and love, 
but that requires a serious change in direction. I am committed to 
ﬁ  ghting for our future, supporting small businesses, and restoring 
accountability in leadership that listens to and truly represents the 
people.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 30 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Tiﬀ  any 
Bowyer 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (253) 669-6532 
 votetiff  anyforwa@gmail.com 
 www.tiff  anybowyer.com 
Elected Experience: State Representative: Chair of Civil Rights & 
Judiciary Committee; Chair of Developmental Disability Advocacy 
Caucus; Vice Chair of Members of Color Caucus. Member of 
Transportation Committee; member of Early Learning & Human 
Services Committee.
Other Professional Experience: Attorney: Former Statewide Advocacy 
Counsel managing legal aid attorneys assisting domestic violence 
survivors and crime victims. Youth Advocate: Managed youth violence 
reduction eff  orts. Small Business Owner: Private law practice and 
nonproﬁ  t consultant.
Education: JD, University of Oregon Law School; BA, Virginia State 
University
Community Service: Board member BlackPast.org, Federal Way 
Human Services Commission, Highline College Foundation, and Girl 
Scouts; and caregiver for family member living with chronic illnesses.
Statement: I’ve prioritized the health and safety of our families and 
communities, passing laws that reduce gun violence, improve police 
training and trust, and address root causes of crime. Committed to 
addressing aff  ordability, I’ve delivered resources for housing and 
childcare, reduced small business taxes, and expanded working 
family tax credits. Committed to a strong economy, I work with 
local businesses, unions, and schools to protect jobs, expand 
apprenticeships, and provide career pathways. 
Endorsed: 30th District Democrats, State Labor Council, Planned 
Parenthood, OneAmerica Votes, Sierra Club, housing advocates, teachers, 
healthcare workers, and more! Let’s keep working together for the future 
we deserve.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 30 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Jamila E. 
Taylor 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 486-6493 
 info@electjamilataylor.com 
 www.electjamilataylor.com 