48
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 33
/circle_arrow_rightState Representative Position No. 1
 State 
 Legislative District No. 33 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Darryl K. 
Jones 
  (Prefers Republican Party)  
    
 DarrylJonesFromKent@gmail.com 
 DarrylJonesFromKent.com 
Elected Experience: I served as a precinct committee offi   cer in the 
33rd Legislative District. Beyond that, I do not have experience as an 
elected offi   cial. However, I do have experience earned as the result 
of elected offi   cials voting against the desires of the people they were 
elected to represent.
Other Professional Experience: I have decades of experience in 
representing the public.  I worked as a manager for a healthcare 
company, a trainer for an hmo and customer service roles in housing, 
technology, hospitality and banking.
Education: California State University Hayward, Computer Science 
major, Mathematics minor
Community Service: I tutored low-income students after school at a 
public housing project.
Statement: Policy over party. If your party wins, then what do you 
win? Democrats won 60% of the seats. You won an income tax. an 
increase in spending and higher taxes. I would never betray the trust 
placed in me by voting to increase your costs. If I earn your vote I 
will work towards making life in Washington more aff  ordable and 
protecting the people from greedy politicians.
It’s time politicians learned that the state needs to live within its’ 
means, not within our wallets.  Washington has a spending problem.  
Vote for Darryl Jones and let’s turn off   the spigot.
Elected Experience: Edwin was appointed to the Washington State 
House in December 2024 and elected in 2025.
Other Professional Experience: Edwin has spent last 18 years at the 
Seattle Human Services Department, rising from program specialist 
to Division Director.  He’s worked on homelessness, anti-hunger 
programs, youth development, and community safety.
Education: BA, University of Washington; MPA, Northeastern 
University.  First in his family to graduate from college.
Community Service: Edwin came from the Philippines as a child 
and has lived in SeaTac for the last 23 years. Past Board President of 
Filipino Community of Seattle and co-chaired their aff  ordable housing 
capital campaign. Chaired the SeaTac Human Services Advisory 
Committee.
Statement: Rent, housing, gas and groceries are skyrocketing. 
Paychecks aren’t keeping up. Families can’t aff  ord to live in their 
own neighborhoods. In my ﬁ  rst full session in Olympia, six of my 
bills ﬁ  ghting for aff  ordability and workers became law. I protected 
isolated workers, strengthened background checks, regulated 
rideshare companies, and strengthened nursing title protections 
against AI. I’ll continue ﬁ  ghting for immigrant rights. I secured over 
$30 million for our District, including investments for housing and 
health. I’ll keep showing up. Endorsed: WA State Labor Council, 33rd 
Democrats, Washington Conservation Action, Planned Parenthood, 
Washington Nurses Association, Governor Ferguson, Senator Orwall, 
Representative Gregerson.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 33 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Edwin 
Obras 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
    
 info@edwinobras.org 
 edwinobras.org 