46
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 31
State Representative Position No. 2
Elected Experience: State Representative (Assistant Ranking 
Member, Appropriations; Finance; Early Learning & Human Services); 
Former Mayor (8 years), Councilmember (6 years), and Planning 
Commissioner (2 years), City of Orting; Former Chair, Pierce County 
Regional Council; Former Charter Review Commissioner, District 1.
Other Professional Experience: Executive Strategy, Penner & Co; 
Veteran, United States Marine Corps: Iraq War Veteran & Radio 
Operator. 
Education: Harvard University, Master’s (ALM); St. Martin’s University, 
BA; Green River Community College, AA; Sumner High School. 
Community Service: Co-Founder of PNW Vets, the largest Veteran 
support network in the Paciﬁ  c Northwest; Crisis Intervention Trainer 
for WA-CJTC.
Statement: I grew up in Bonney Lake, graduated from Sumner High 
School, served as a Marine in Iraq, and led Orting as Mayor. As your 
Representative, I bring our community’s shared values and that 
ﬁ  ghting spirit to Olympia.
Together, we saved Buckley’s Rainier School, prevented disastrous 
cuts for early education, protected care facilities for fentanyl-exposed 
newborns, and cut red tape to fund the repair of the White River and 
Fairfax bridges.  With your support, I will keep ﬁ  ghting to lower living 
costs, demand accountability, protect our most vulnerable, and secure 
our neighborhoods. Let’s lead with action, not talking points.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 31 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Joshua 
Penner 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (253) 224-4226 
 Josh@VotePenner.com 
 VotePenner.com 
Elected Experience: First time public servant.
Other Professional Experience: John is a  Civil engineer and public 
works director with more than 30 years managing infrastructure, 
budgets, and operations. John has owned an excavation business and 
proudly raises cattle at his farm outside of Orting.
Education: John holds a  Bachelors in Civil Engineering from the 
University of Saskatchewan; graduate coursework in engineering 
economics and accounting.
Community Service: John is passionate about this community.  He 
volunteers as a Career and Technical Education advisor at Chief Leschi 
Schools and supports the Orting Senior Center and Orting Food Bank 
as a grant writer. 
Statement: I never planned to run for offi   ce. As a civil engineer, 
public works director, and cattle farmer, I have spent my career 
solving problems, managing budgets, and delivering creative results 
for our communities. District 31 needs practical leadership focused 
on aff  ordability, housing, infrastructure, and strong schools.  I will 
work across the aisle to lower everyday costs, improve roads and 
utilities, support public safety, and expand career and technical 
education including trades pathways. Government should be honest, 
accountable, and able to get things done. I would be honored to earn 
your vote.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 31 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 John 
Bielka 
  
(Prefers Democrat Party)  
 (360) 888-6589 
 Johnbielka@icloud.com 
 Bielka31.com 