Jurisdiction
53
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 34
State Representative Position No. 2
Elected Experience: Fiduciary, Retirement Plan Committee Member, 
REI CO-OP
Other Professional Experience: Public School Mom of Three; 
Renovator, Jenito Homes (Seattle); Head of Field Operations, Shelf 
Engine (Seattle); VP of Operations, Hum Nutrition (California); Senior 
Manager Operations, REI (Sumner); Director, Supplier Management, 
Wayfair (Boston); Senior Manager Operations, Caterpillar (Illinois); 
Graduate Researcher, Novartis (Switzerland); Pb-Free Engineer, Cisco 
Systems (Boston)
Education: BS Materials Science and Engineering, Johns Hopkins 
University, MBA and MS, MIT Leaders for Global Operations Fellow, 
Conversational Spanish/Italian
Community Service: Board of ROOTS Young Adult Shelter, Secretary 
and Treasurer; Board of Coop Preschools; CORE Covid Response; 
Volunteer with Habitat for Humanity and Junior Achievement, PTA 
Enrichment Coordinator
Statement: Fiscal responsibility and strong public investment are 
not mutually exclusive. Balancing our budget while funding critical 
infrastructure, education, and healthcare is essential to the long-term 
strength, stability, and well-being of our communities.
As a working mom handling operations, housing, and small business, 
I understand the challenges families, workers, and local businesses 
face - and the urgency of delivering solutions. Y hablo español.  I’m 
ready to serve the 34th LD by bringing my collaborative leadership 
experience successfully tackling complex challenges to advocate for 
our community’s needs, drive results, and enact meaningful change so 
future generations are proud to call Washington home.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 34 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Mary 
Anito 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
    
 Maryforseattle@gmail.com 
 Maryforwa.com 
Elected Experience: State Representative, 2010-present; House 
Majority Leader, 2022-present; Chair, House Environment & Energy 
Committee, 2014-2022
Other Professional Experience: legislative assistant; environmental 
policy consultant 
Education: BA, History and Political Science, Principia College 
Community Service: Board of Directors, Democratic Legislative 
Campaign Committee, 2019-2025; Board of Directors, Futurewise 
(statewide environmental nonproﬁ  t), 2016-2019
Statement: It’s an honor to represent you and ﬁ  ght for our 
communities. My record is one of an eff  ective progressive who 
delivers results. I passed the nation’s strongest climate laws; defended 
Washington from federal attacks; secured investments in education, 
healthcare, transit, public safety, and the environment; and helped 
stabilize our budget.
I led passage of landmark tax reform — a millionaires’ tax paired with 
tax cuts for working families and small businesses. A new parent of 
two young children, I’m ﬁ  ghting for safe communities, better school 
funding, aff  ordable clean energy, fair taxes, and a sustainable future. I 
ask for your vote.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 34 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Joe 
Fitzgibbon 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
        
(206) 949-5127
jcﬁ  tzgibbon@gmail.com
 www.joeﬁ  tzgibbon.com 