Jurisdiction
17
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Congressional District No. 1
/circle_arrow_rightUnited States Representative
Elected Experience: United States Representative, 2012-Present. Ways 
and Means Committee.
Other Professional Experience: Successful 20-year career as a 
businesswoman and entrepreneur. Former Microsoft executive, led 
local high-tech startups. Former Director of Washington’s Department 
of Revenue, where I led eff  orts to simplify the tax system and help 
small businesses. Advisor to a microﬁ  nance non-proﬁ  t helping 
struggling families. 
Education: B.A., Biology, Reed College; M.B.A., University of 
Washington.
Community Service: I’ve mentored students at UW Business School; 
been active in my church, serving as a board member. Volunteered 
with the PTA, Girl Scouts and YWCA, supporting transitional housing, 
job training and services to help families get back on their feet.
Statement: 
Our country is at a crossroads. Congressional Republicans 
refuse to stand up to Trump as he causes deep harm to our economy, 
our families, our neighbors, and our democracy. Because of them, 
costs are skyrocketing on gas, groceries, housing, and utility bills. To 
pay for massive tax cuts for the wealthiest few, Republicans ripped 
away health care from millions, passed cruel cuts to take food off  the 
table of working families, and took away critical investments in green 
energy.
As your Congresswoman, I’m ﬁ  ghting back against the extreme 
policies that are making life unaff  ordable and needlessly dividing 
Americans. I’m focused on lowering costs, helping middle-class 
families and seniors, supporting veterans, and building a bright future 
for our children.
I support policies to lower the cost of living, reduce taxes for working 
families and ensure the wealthy pay their fair share. I’m ﬁ  ghting to 
lower health care premiums, roll back the cruel cuts to Medicaid, and 
end President Trump’s reckless tariff  s.
To help working families, I’ve led on permanently expanding the 
Child Tax Credit, which would send monthly checks to families and 
cut child poverty in half. I’ve introduced bipartisan legislation to spur 
the creation of two million aff  ordable homes. It’s past time to reform 
our immigration system and rein in out-of-control ICE agents who 
have spread fear and violence in our communities. Unlike MAGA 
Republicans, I’m committed to strengthening Social Security and 
Medicare. I strongly support reproductive rights and will do everything 
I can to ﬁ  ght back against Republican extremists’ attempts to pass a 
nationwide abortion ban. 
I am honored to have endorsements from Democratic groups, labor 
unions, local leaders, and many others. With a focus on results, not 
rhetoric, I’m conﬁ  dent we can make real progress to help everyone in 
the 1st District. I ask for your vote.
 State 
 Congressional District No. 1 
 United States Representative 
 Suzan 
DelBene 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (425) 483-1500 
 info@delbeneforcongress.com 
 www.delbeneforcongress.com 
 State 
 Congressional District No. 1 
 United States Representative 
 Benjamin 
Kincaid 
  (Prefers Democratic Party)  
        
 www.kincaidforcongress.com 
Elected Experience: None and I consider that an asset. Every career 
politician in this race has had years in offi   ce to solve the problems 
facing this district. The problems are still here. 
Other Professional Experience: I am a working American with a blue 
collar job and a regular paycheck. I have spent my career doing honest 
work and living an ordinary life. Congress is full of millionaires and 
career politicians who have forgotten what that looks like. I have not 
forgotten because I am still living it.
Education: Iowa Central Community College
Community Service: I look out for my neighbors and help them when 
I can .
Statement: Washington’s 1st District deserves a representative who 
puts working families ﬁ  rst not corporate donors, not party ideology 
and not the status quo. This campaign is diff  erent. I will ﬁ  ght for 
federal investment in next generation housing manufacturing that 
builds homes faster, cheaper and with 70% less energy consumption 
than conventional construction . Treating the housing crisis, the 
energy crisis and the coming electricity demand surge from AI and 
data centers as one connected problem. I will ﬁ  ght to eliminate federal 
income tax and ﬁ  ling requirements for Americans earning $61,000 or 
less, putting real money back in the hands of working families. I will 
ﬁ  ght for a federal Secure Storage Law targeting the 200,000 ﬁ  rearms 
stolen every year that fuel street crime. Homelessness reform 
framework that addresses root causes with real accountability rather 
than endless spending with no results. I believe men should not be 
in women’s sports or women’s prisons. I believe in the protection of 
women only spaces. Zero tolerance for antisemitism. Socialism doesn’t 
work. Taiwan is not part of China. Positions that are not controversial 
but simply common sense. I support a real world pilot program to test 
universal healthcare before any national rollout. I don’t support the 
government forcing the end of private health insurance. I believe that 
every nation that loves freedom should support Ukraine. And support 
the people of Iran against the Regime. People Over Politics. That is the 
promise.