84
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. City of Covington
Explanatory statement
For questions about this measure, contact: 
Proposition No. 1
Formation and 
Funding of Covington 
Park and Recreation 
District
The City Council of the City of Covington 
adopted Resolution 2026-08 concerning 
the creation of the Covington Park and 
Recreation District.
This proposition would create the 
Covington Park and Recreation District 
with the powers set forth in 35.61 RCW, 
including the authority to acquire, 
construct, maintain, operate, and improve 
parks, community centers, pools, and 
other recreation facilities and programs, 
and levy regular property taxes at a 
rate up to $0.75/$1,000 assessed value, 
with an initial rate of $0.37/$1,000, with 
boundaries coterminous with the City of 
Covington. The City Council would serve as 
the board of park commissioners.
For the formation of the Covington Park 
and Recreation District to be governed by 
the City of Covington City Council as the 
ex offi   cio board of park commissioners.
Against the formation of the Covington 
Park and Recreation District.
If approved, this proposition creates the Covington 
Park and Recreation District, a metropolitan park 
district with the same boundaries as the City of 
Covington. The District would be a separate municipal 
corporation with all the powers granted by state law, 
including 35.61 RCW. Members of the Covington 
City Council would sit ex offi   cio as the board of park 
commissioners of the District. The District would be 
authorized to levy a regular property tax not to exceed 
$.75/$1,000 of assessed value, with an initial regular 
property tax levy of $.37/$1,000 of assessed value, 
to provide ongoing funding to maintain, operate and 
improve parks, community centers, pools, and other 
recreation facilities and programs. District funds must 
be dedicated to park and recreation purposes and 
could not be used to pay for other City projects or 
operations.
If approved, District funds would initially pay for 
improving park maintenance; new improvements at 
Covington Community Park, Founders Park, Jenkins 
Creek Park, and Jenkins Creek Trail; and planning for 
a new Whole Health Community Center (including 
a new aquatic center). Long-term the District would 
provide dedicated, reliable, and sustainable funding 
for Covington parks and recreation, including 
potential bond ﬁ  nancing payable from District funds 
for large projects such as a new Community Center.
If not approved, there is no identiﬁ  ed source of 
dedicated and sustainable long-term funding 
for improving park maintenance, new park 
improvements, continuing the planning for a new 
Whole Health Community Center, or reliable and 
sustainable funding of parks and recreation.
 
Ethan Newton
Parks & Recreation Director
(253) 480-2481
enewton@covingtonwa.gov
The complete text of this measure is available at the 
Elections Oﬃce or online at kingcounty.gov/elections.
Requirement for passage: Simple majority (RCW 35.61.040)
You will be voting
For or Against
Proposition No. 1