82
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. City of Black Diamond
Explanatory statement
For questions about this measure, contact: 
You will be voting
Yes or No
on Proposition No. 1
Proposition No. 1
Annexation of the 
City of Black Diamond 
Into the Puget 
Sound Regional Fire 
Authority
Should the City of Black Diamond be 
annexed into and become part of the 
Puget Sound Regional Fire Authority 
to provide ﬁ  re and emergency medical 
services to Black Diamond residents, 
with such services to commence 
January 1, 2028, per City Council 
Resolution No. 26-1739?
Yes
No
Requirement for passage: Simple majority of the jurisdiction 
proposed to be annexed (RCW 52.26.300(4)(a))
Black Diamond City Council Resolution 
No. 26-1739 seeks voter approval to annex the 
City of Black Diamond (“City”) into the Puget 
Sound Regional Fire Authority (“PSRFA”). 
Currently, the City obtains ﬁ  re protection and 
emergency medical services (“EMS”) through a 
contractual arrangement with Mountain View 
Fire & Rescue (“MVFR”). The City’s contract with 
MVFR expires on December 31, 2027. 
The Black Diamond City Council and Mayor have 
determined that annexing into and becoming 
part of PSRFA will provide Black Diamond 
residents with continued state-of-the art ﬁ  re 
protection and emergency medical services 
at desired service levels and in manner that is 
ﬁ  scally sustainable as the City continues to grow. 
If annexation into PSRFA is approved, PSRFA will 
begin providing ﬁ  re protection and emergency 
medical services to Black Diamond residents and 
businesses beginning January 1, 2028. 
PSRFA currently serves the cities of Kent, 
Covington, SeaTac, Tukwila, and Maple Valley, 
as well as unincorporated areas of King County 
Fire District Nos. 37 and 43. If annexation is 
approved, the City will have the same number 
of representatives on the Governing Board of 
PSRFA as these other cities and districts. 
If annexation is rejected, the City will either 
pursue another annexation vote in a future 
election or seek to negotiate a new contract with 
PSRFA or MVFR. More information about PSRFA 
is available at www.pugetsoundﬁ  re.org.  
Kevin O’Neill
City Administrator
(360) 469-9789
koneill@blackdiamondwa.gov
The complete text of this measure is available at the 
Elections Oﬃce or online at kingcounty.gov/elections.