Jurisdiction
63
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 47
State Representative Position No. 1
Elected Experience: State Representative, 47th District, 2018–present; 
member of House committees on Housing; Civil Rights & Judiciary; 
Transportation; and Postsecondary Education & Workforce.
Other Professional Experience: 12 years of experience serving South 
King County as a Congressional staff  er, including three as the District 
Director.
Education: Bachelor’s Degree, Political Science, Seattle University.
Community Service: Current member, Washington State Board 
for Community & Technical Colleges; 11 years on Renton Technical 
College Board of Trustees; member, Urban League of Metropolitan 
Seattle; member, National Association for the Advancement of 
Colored People (NAACP).
Statement: 
As your State Representative, I have worked to strengthen 
our social safety nets, improve public safety, support workers, and 
invest in frontline responders. As a member of the ﬁ  rst Seattle/King 
County Head Start class and a non-traditional college graduate, I 
know how life-changing early access to opportunity and aff  ordable 
education can be. Through HB2015, I secured $100 million for public 
safety. My bill HB1559 created beneﬁ  ts navigators to help college 
students access wraparound support and complete their education.
I will continue working with my colleagues across the aisle to protect 
vulnerable households and improve opportunities for families 
throughout Washington state.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 47 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Debra Jean 
Entenman 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 375-6298 
 info@electDebraEntenman.org 
 www.electdebraentenman.org 
Elected Experience: First time legislative candidate running as a 
Cascade Democrat. A Cascade Democrat values actionable rational 
solutions that don’t waste your tax dollars.
Other Professional Experience: Teacher in both Kent and Auburn 
School Districts.  I currently teach students who are struggling to stay 
in school.
Education: Auburn Mountainview High School. Bachelor’s, Western 
Washington University. Master’s, Western Governors University.
Community Service: Covington Rotary Club, Kent and Covington 
Chamber of Commerce, Kent Senior Activity Center, and Kent 
Cornucopia Days volunteer. I volunteer at The Hope Factory building 
housing for the homeless and with Battleﬁ  eld Addiction supporting 
addiction recovery eff  orts.
Statement: I’m a public school teacher running because the system 
isn’t working for my students or their families. Costs are too high, 
housing is too scarce, and addiction is destroying too many lives in 
our community. As a Cascade Democrat, I’m focused on results and 
effi   cient use of your tax dollars. I support high-rise housing near light 
rail to lower housing costs and a three-strikes policy with six months 
of mandatory rehab to help people off   the streets and into successful 
treatment. It’s time to unite around rational solutions to build a future 
for Washington families. 
Endorsed by ATU Local 587
 State 
 Legislative District No. 47 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Logan 
Evans 
  (Prefers Cascade Democrat Party)  
 (253) 961-1705 
 logan@pnwqol.com 
 loganforhouse.com 