18
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Congressional District No. 1
/circle_arrow_rightUnited States Representative
 State 
 Congressional District No. 1 
 United States Representative 
 James 
Etzkorn 
  (Prefers Independent Party)  
 (386) 385-8463 
 James@JamesForWashington.com 
 JamesForWashington.com 
Elected Experience: Monroe School District Board Director since 
March, 2023.
Other Professional Experience: Over a decade of experience at 
large and small tech companies as a hardware engineer and senior 
manager in the ﬁ  elds of semiconductors, smart contact lenses, 
batteries and quantum computers.
Education: Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering, 
University of Washington, 2007; Master of Science in Nanoscale 
Engineering, National Institute for Applied Sciences, 2011.
Community Service: Nearly 20 years volunteering in classrooms 
tutoring math, reading and science. Founded and coached the 
Monroe High School ﬁ  rst Robotics Team (2018-2020). Echo Lost Lake 
Community Group Board Member (2022-2024).
Statement: The two-party system has failed us. Dysfunction and 
corruption create volatility, driving up the cost of housing, gas, food 
and healthcare. Neither party off  ers solutions. They’re too busy 
ﬁ  ghting for power and trying to convince us the other side is worse. 
While I am completely against the chaos of the current administration, 
relying on the same career politicians who helped create this mess is 
not the answer. We cannot keep doing the same thing over and over 
and expect diff  erent results. 
I am running for Congress because our government needs a 
signiﬁ  cant course correction that can only be addressed at the federal 
level. Congress has failed to hold each other and the Executive Branch 
accountable, leaving us governed more by executive orders and 
litigation than legislation. 
We must prioritize issues plaguing our district over party politics. I am 
an independent-minded engineer running to break partisan gridlock, 
force compromise and deliver solutions that put workers ahead of 
special interests. 
My platform addresses aff  ordability by stripping government friction 
to increase the supply of housing, healthcare and energy. We must 
incentivize companies to build here in America by investing in 
infrastructure and workforce training. When companies compete for 
our labor, wages go up like we saw in 2021. Wage growth is key to 
boosting the American economy while addressing the rising cost of 
living.  
I make data-driven decisions for the long-term prosperity of working 
families, not for political convenience. I will protect your rights, end 
dark money, establish term limits, ban insider trading, close tax 
loopholes abused by billionaires and work with allies to restore global 
stability. I will govern as a pragmatic professional, not a for-proﬁ t 
politician. I will represent you, not party bosses. Read the plan at 
JamesForWashington.com.
Elected Experience: Candidate, Washington House of Representative, 
Everett City Council, PUD Board; PCO; Delegate.
Other Professional Experience: Paraeducator, Marysville School 
District; Disability Self-Advocate; Committee Member, Snohomish 
Coordinated Entry Advisory Board, Housing Hope Policy Committee; 
Board Member, Homes and Hope Community Land Trust, Northwest 
Community Land Trust Coalition, Autism Society of Washington, 
Sensory Accessibility initiatives; Fellow, Institute for a Democratic 
Future; Specialisterne USA; Boys & Girls Clubs; Boeing.
Education: Postgraduate studies in Accessibility and ITAM; Bachelor 
of Science in Business Administration, Central Washington University; 
Disability Advocacy Leader.
Community Service: Volunteer and Panelist, Xbox Autism initiatives; 
Volunteer, Washington Autism Alliance; AFK Room Attendant, Take 
This; Volunteer Athlete, Special Olympics Washington.
Statement: America is in a crisis for working people. Housing costs 
have skyrocketed and wages have not kept up. Millions of families 
work harder than ever just to get by while billionaires accumulate 
massive wealth. This is no accident; it is the result of a corrupt system 
that puts money ahead of families, disabled people, seniors, and 
young people.
I am a developmentally disabled self-advocate who has experienced 
homelessness and poverty ﬁ  rsthand. I know what it means to be 
left out of systems. We must fundamentally change priorities in this 
country and ensure that no one is left without dignity, income security, 
or a roof over their head.
I support Medicare for All because healthcare is a human right. No 
one should face bankruptcy because of a medical emergency. We 
must transition to a system that prioritizes patients over insurance 
proﬁ  ts, ensuring every person can access the care they need when 
they need it.
To address the housing crisis, I support fully funding Section 8 and 
building large-scale aff  ordable housing. We must end the treatment 
of housing as a speculative commodity. Housing is a human right, and 
every family deserves the stability of a safe, permanent home.
I support a universal basic income and a federal jobs guarantee so 
no one falls into poverty because of disability or economic shifts. 
To ensure a true economic ﬂ  oor, I believe artiﬁ  cial intelligence and 
automation should be nationalized. These technologies must beneﬁ t 
the public good rather than enriching corporate executives and 
shareholders.
We must rebuild the middle class by taking on extreme wealth, 
strengthening unions, and investing in public services. This campaign 
is about a simple idea: every person deserves healthcare, housing, 
and the opportunity to live a life of dignity and the freedom to pursue 
happiness. Join me in building a better future.
 State 
 Congressional District No. 1 
 United States Representative 
 Bryce 
Nickel 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (360) 982-9570 
 BryceNickel@live.com 
 linktr.ee/brycenickel 