26
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Congressional District No. 9
/circle_arrow_rightUnited States Representative
 State 
 Congressional District No. 9 
 United States Representative 
 Kshama 
Sawant 
  (Prefers Independent Party)  
(253) 237-4193
 campaign@kshamasawant.org 
 www.kshamasawant.org 
Elected Experience: Kshama won historic victories during her decade 
as the socialist on the Seattle City Council. She led the movement to 
win the highest minimum wage in any major U.S. city (now $21.30). 
The Seattle Times noted: “Sawant will appropriately get credit for 
coming out of nowhere to commandeer the city’s political agenda.” 
Other Professional Experience: Kshama led the way on winning 
the Amazon Tax, raising hundreds of millions of dollars annually for 
aff  ordable housing. She won unprecedented renters’ rights.
Education: Former teacher and union member, PhD Economics
Community Service: Kshama launched Workers Strike Back, a 
nationwide movement ﬁ  ghting back against the billionaires and their 
political servants.
Statement: Most of the time, working people have no political 
representation under this system. The billionaires call the shots while 
working people face endless wars and a severe cost-of-living crisis.
In stark contrast, for a decade in Seattle, independent socialist 
Kshama Sawant fought back against the political establishment and 
won historic victories. 
Kshama led the movement that won the highest minimum wage in any 
major U.S. city (now $21.30/hour). Kshama defeated billionaires like Jeﬀ   
Bezos to win the Amazon Tax. She won unprecedented renters’ rights 
laws like the cap on late fees and publicly funded eviction defense. She 
won Indigenous Peoples’ Day and the nation’s strongest resolution 
against the genocide in Gaza. 
Most Republicans and Democrats in Congress have repeatedly voted 
for military aid for Israel during the genocide in Gaza, to block UN food 
aid to Gaza, to fund ICE, for $906 billion for war last December, and to 
block the railroad workers’ strike. Most Congressional politicians are 
funded by AIPAC, the weapons industry, and billionaires who proﬁ t 
from AI and from ICE. 
Kshama is the only candidate in this race ﬁ  ghting for free healthcare 
for all funded by taxing the rich, an end to all military aid to Israel, to 
shut down ICE and the detention centers, to stop the data centers and AI 
layoﬀ  s, and for national rent control. She’s the only candidate with a 
proven track record of ﬁ  ghting and winning for working people.
If elected, Kshama will only accept the average worker’s wage as 
she did for a decade, and donate her remaining salary to workers’ 
movements. She’s running as an independent socialist because we 
need a new party for working people. Kshama is the principled ﬁ  ghter 
we need to take on Trump and both political parties of the billionaires.
Elected Experience: No information submitted.
Other Professional Experience: Perasso, 49, is a bakery worker 
in Seattle and is a member of BCTGM Union Local 9. He began 
organizing protests against police brutality and for immigrant rights 
in San Jose, California thirty years ago. He traveled to Cuba, helping 
convince him of the capacity of working people to reorganize society 
based on solidarity, not proﬁ  t. 
Education: No information submitted.
Community Service: He has been politically active defending the 
interests of working people over the past three decades, joining the 
Socialist Workers Party in 2000. He has worked as a meat cutter, a 
freight railroad conductor, and other industrial jobs, always active in 
labor solidarity.
Statement: The US rulers’ war against Iran, and other war moves, 
threaten workers and the oppressed the world over. The crisis of 
the capitalist system is intensifying conﬂ  icts between ruling classes 
around the globe, bringing nuclear world war closer. Only the 
working class taking power can stop this! US Out of the Middle East! 
Washington targets Cuba, which is no threat to working people, 
because they made a socialist revolution. US Hands off   Cuba! 
A tiny class of billionaire families rule through their Democratic and 
Republican parties. Working people need to break from both to 
defend against rising prices, layoff  s, job speedup, and other assaults. 
A revolutionary political party is necessary to lead millions to ﬁ ght for 
workers’ power, to build a society based on human solidarity. 
Fight for a federally-funded public works program to put millions to 
work at union wages building and repairing infrastructure, schools, 
parks, housing and hospitals; for a shorter workweek with no loss in 
pay to prevent layoff  s; for workers control of production to guarantee 
safety on the job and protect the environment! 
Fight rising Jew-hating attacks worldwide and defend Israel’s right to 
exist as a refuge for Jews! Unite working people in the Middle East of 
all nationalities to defend common class interests! 
Oppose all attacks on constitutional freedom of speech and worship; 
freedom of the press, association, and assembly; due process; and 
other liberties needed and used by the toilers! Oppose all violence 
against people for their political views!
Support methods of struggle that build the solidarity, conﬁ  dence, and 
independent ﬁ  ghting capacity of the working class!  Build support 
for labor struggles! Fight for higher wages and work schedules that 
allow family time and recreation! Amnesty for immigrants—unify the 
working class! Defend Ukraine’s sovereignty! US troops and nuclear 
weapons out of Europe!
 State 
 Congressional District No. 9 
 United States Representative 
 Jacob 
Perasso 
  
(Prefers Socialist Workers Party)  
 (206) 323-1755 
 swpcampaignwa@gmail.com 
 www.themilitant.com 