68
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. King County
/circle_arrow_rightAssessor
Education: Ph.D., UW; B.A., Willamette; National Insurance Credential 
(AINS); Energy Planning Policy Certiﬁ  cate, U-Idaho
Occupation: Government Aff  airs Coordinator and Public Policy 
Instructor, IAAO member
Statement: “Chris Roberts is a proven leader who will deliver for King 
County.” — Executive Girmay Zahilay.
The King County Assessor’s offi   ce is in the midst of a leadership 
crisis. From the current Assessor’s personal legal issues to delays 
in processing applications for property tax relief, the offi   ce needs a 
fresh start. This is not a failure of the frontline staff  , who do excellent 
work; it is a leadership failure—the result of understaffi   ng, budgetary 
mismanagement, and a lack of attention to customer service.
The Assessor must lead with absolute integrity and transparency. With 
17 years of experience as a Councilmember and two-term Mayor, I 
have managed complex budgets and delivered housing aff  ordability. 
I will rebuild public trust by establishing a citizen oversight committee 
and creating a tribal liaison position to honor sovereignty and those 
with the deepest connection to the land.
No candidate can deliver results until the offi   ce functions well. I 
possess deep technical policy knowledge and the proven leadership 
needed to clear backlogs and cut red tape. I will prioritize modernizing 
operations to ensure the offi   ce supports our $400 billion economy 
effi   ciently.
“I have full trust in Chris’s government experience and judgment to 
serve the taxpayers well.” — Former King County Assessor Lloyd 
Hara. Endorsed by Congresswoman Suzan DelBene, Lt. Gov. Denny 
Heck, Councilmembers Rod Dembowski, Teresa Mosqueda, Seattle 
Councilmember Alexis Mercedes-Rinck, suburban mayors, multiple 
Democratic organizations, and union labor. Thank you for your vote!
 County 
 King County 
 Assessor 
 Christopher 
Roberts 
  
    
 (206) 552-9160 
 chris@chrisrobertswa.com 
 www.electroberts.com 
Education: B.A. Criminal Justice, Washington State University
Occupation: Small Business Owner, CAPR King County Chapter 
President
Statement: The growing property tax burden in King County is 
unsustainable for many residents. Families, retirees, and small 
business owners should not feel like they are being taxed out of their 
homes or land because assessments continue to rise faster than 
ordinary people can keep up. We need property tax reform, and we 
need it now, and that starts with admitting our current system does 
not produce uniform or equitable results as intended.  In a system 
legally and constitutionally required to have uniformity, results are 
ultimately what matter.
Our current property tax system is both too diffi   cult to understand 
and challenge.  Based on my independent research, the system 
produces highly non-uniform results, violating both state law and our 
WA state constitution.
I am proudly not a politician.  I am a 35+ year King County resident, 
small family business owner, and King Countys’ Citizens Alliance for 
Property Rights (CAPR) Chapter President.  I have personally gone 
through the property tax appeal process, so I understand how bad 
and frustrating our current system is.
I’ve reviewed assessment data, submitted public records requests, 
ﬁ  led appeals, researched appraisal data, and tried to work within 
the system, to challenge it and better understand it. Our system 
completely lacks transparency, consistency, accountability, and any 
kind of meaningful due process for taxpayers across the board.
I have recently developed and submitted multiple audit proposals 
targeting our current property taxation system.  Property owners 
deserve a system where assessments are easily understandable, 
valuation methods are transparent, standards are applied fairly and 
uniformly, and taxpayer rights are respected throughout the appeals 
process.
Regardless of being elected as Assessor, I will continue to work on 
property tax reform. Given the signiﬁ  cant tax burden property owners 
carry, we deserve a system we have conﬁ  dence in and that doesn’t tax 
us out of our homes.
 County 
 King County 
 Assessor 
 Dominique M 
Scarimbolo 
      
    
 (253) 256-5279
domscarimboloforkcassessor@gmail.com 
www.domscarimboloforassessor.com  