Jurisdiction
81
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Northeast Electoral District
Judge Position No. 1
Education: B.A. University of Washington, Seattle; JD, Tulane University 
School of Law, New Orleans
Occupation: Judge Pro Tem, King County District Court; Attorney
Statement: Bianca Tse has the experience and ability to be an 
eff  ective judge on Day One.  She currently serves as Judge Pro Tem, 
ﬁ  lling in for judges at King County District Court, the very court for 
which she seeks your vote.  She also serves as Judge Pro Tem for 
the cities of Mercer Island, Kirkland, and Issaquah. Bianca began her 
public service career as a King County Deputy Prosecutor, handling 
matters from misdemeanors to felonies.  A highly experienced trial 
attorney, Bianca has tried a variety of cases before juries including 
homicide, assaults and other serious off  enses.
As judge for the past ﬁ  ve years, Bianca is known for her legal 
knowledge and careful consideration of all who appear before her, 
and treating everyone with respect and fairness.
The Loren Miller Bar Association rated Bianca as “Exceptionally Well 
Qualiﬁ  ed,” their highest rating and highest in this race. Two other bar 
associations also rate her as “Exceptionally Well Qualiﬁ  ed.”
Endorsed: Former King County Prosecutor Daniel Satterberg; Senator 
Manka Dhingra; Representative My-Linh Thai; Bellevue Mayor 
Malakoutian; Councilmembers Nieuwenhuis and Sumadiwirya; 
King County Superior, District Court and Municipal Court Judges; 
Councilmembers from Mercer Island, Redmond, Issaquah, Newcastle, 
Sammamish and Edmonds; National Women’s Political Caucus-
Washington, and more.
 
 Judicial 
 Northeast Electoral District 
 Judge Position No. 1 
 Bianca 
Tse 
      
    
 info@biancaforjudge.org 
 biancaforjudge.org 
Did you
know?
Offi   cial King County Elections ballot drop 
boxes are the best way to return your ballot 
directly to Elections Headquarters. Offi   cial 
ballot drop boxes are safe, convenient, and 
open until the last minute! Ballots returned 
at a ballot drop box on Election Day are 
guaranteed to be considered on time if 
placed in a box before 8:00 p.m.
 tamper-proof
 1000 pounds each
 bolted into concrete
 ﬁ  restops inside
 multiple locking 
mechanisms
 tamper-evident seals
A school bus 
once hit one of 
our offi   cial ballot 
drop boxes!
The drop box was ﬁ  ne, but 
as our Elections Director said, 
“the school bus, not so much.”