--- page 1 ---
SAMPLE-1 (CS 1) - EC:935857 Official Ballot General Election Lewis County, Washington November 3, 2026 precinct: SAMPLE 10 Instructions How to vote Use a dark blue or black ink pen to completely fill in the oval to the left of your choice. Do not use felt tip markers. Vote for one in each race. If you vote for more than one, no votes will be counted for that race. If you make a mistake Draw a line through the entire measure response or candidate's name. Then you may make another choice. Optional Write-in To vote for a candidate not listed for that race, fill in the oval to the left of the line and print the name of the candidate. Lewis County Elections For a replacement ballot, or for information on Accessible Voting Units (available 18 days before Election Day), please call us at (360) 740-1278 or toll-free within Lewis County: (800) 562-6130 ext. 1278. Who donates to campaigns? View financial contributors for federal candidates: Federal Election Commission www.fec.gov Toll free (800) 424-9530 View financial contributors for candidates and measures: Public Disclosure Commission www.pdc.wa.gov Toll Free (877) 601-2828 Initiative to the People Initiatives to the Legislature Vote Both Sides READ: If a primary election was held for an office, the two candidates who received the most votes in the Primary advanced to the General Election. Each candidate for partisan office may state a political party that the candidate prefers. A candidate's preference does not imply that the candidate is nominated or endorsed by the party, or that the party approves of or associates with that candidate. Federal: Partisan Office State: Partisan Offices County: Partisan Offices Initiative Measure No. IP26-645 Initiative Measure No. IP26-645 concerns state and local taxes. This measure would repeal a 9.9% tax on annual individual income over $1,000,000; prohibit taxes measured by individual income and taxes on individual income or the receipt of individual income; and define “income.” This measure would decrease funding for public K-12 education, higher education (including universities and community colleges), and human services (primarily healthcare). Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Initiative Measure No. IL26-001 Initiative Measure No. IL26-001 concerns parental rights relating to their children in public school. This measure would repeal amendments to a statute listing certain rights of parents and guardians of public-school children and re-enact the law as it was originally enacted by Initiative to the Legislature 2081. Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Initiative Measure No. IL26-638 Initiative Measure No. IL26-638 concerns participation in athletics at K-12 schools. This measure would prohibit students it defines as “biologically male” from competing in certain school athletic activities intended for female students only. It would require verification of biological sex by students’ healthcare providers. Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Congressional District 3 U.S. Representative (Prefers Republican Party) John Braun (Prefers Democratic Party) Marie Gluesenkamp Perez Legislative District 19 State Representative Pos. 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Jim Walsh (Prefers Democratic Party) Kevin Moynihan Legislative District 19 State Representative Pos. 2 (Prefers Democratic Party) Terry Carlson (Prefers Republican Party) Joel McEntire Legislative District 20 State Representative Pos. 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Peter Abbarno (Prefers Democratic Party) Andy Zahn Legislative District 20 State Representative Pos. 2 (Prefers Republican Party) Ed Orcutt (Prefers Democratic Party) Evan Jones Assessor (Prefers Republican Party) Ross W. Nielson

--- page 2 ---
SAMPLE-1 (CS 1) - EC:935857 County: Partisan Offices Judicial: Nonpartisan Offices Public Utility District 1 At- Large: Nonpartisan Office Local Measures Local Measures Vote Both Sides Thank you for voting! Please return your ballot by November 3, 2026 Auditor (Prefers Republican Party) Mitchell L. Merrill (Prefers Republican Party) Mitch Townsend Clerk (Prefers Republican Party) Scott Tinney Coroner (Prefers Republican Party) Warren McLeod (Prefers Independent Party) Jessica Stickley Prosecuting Attorney (Prefers Republican Party) Jonathan L. Meyer Sheriff (Prefers Republican Party) Gabriel J Frase (Prefers Republican Party) Tracy Murphy Treasurer (Prefers Republican Party) Arny Davis County Commissioner District 3 (Prefers Republican Party) Scott Brummer (Prefers Republican Party) Michael Hadaller Supreme Court Justice Position 1 Unexpired 2 year term Colleen Melody Scott Edwards Supreme Court Justice Position 3 David Stevens Jaime Michelle Hawk Supreme Court Justice Position 4 Ian Birk Sean O'Donnell Supreme Court Justice Position 5 Unexpired 2 year term Theo Angelis Dave Larson Supreme Court Justice Position 7 Debra L. Stephens Todd A. Bloom District Court Judge, Dept 1 Wade S. Samuelson District Court Judge, Dept 2 RW Buzzard PUD - Commissioner District 1 Short & Full 6 year term Steve Grega Jeff Baine Timberland Regional Library District Proposition No. 1 Regular Property Tax Levy Lid Lift for Library Services, Operations and Maintenance The Timberland Regional Library District's Board of Trustees adopted Resolution No. 26-002 concerning a proposed increase of the District's regular levy rate. If approved, this proposition would restore the District's regular property tax levy rate for library services, operations and maintenance from $0.22 to $0.35 per $1,000 of assessed valuation for both 2027 and 2028, subject to applicable limitations. The resulting 2028 levy dollar amount would be used for the purpose of computing subsequent levy limitations under chapter 84.55 RCW. Should this proposition be approved? Yes No Transportation Benefit District of Chehalis Proposition No. 1 Sales and Use Tax Levy Renewal For Transportation Needs The Governing Board of the Transportation Benefit District (City Council) of the City of Chehalis, Washington, adopted Resolution No. 17- 2026 concerning sales and use tax to finance transportation improvements. This proposition would renew the current sales and use tax of two-tenths of one percent (0.2%) for an additional term of 10 years beginning July 1, 2027 and ending June 30, 2037 to fund transportation improvements outlined in the City's Transportation Improvement Plan, traffic engineering and control, and the general operation, maintenance, and repair of city streets, bridges, and other transportation infrastructure Should this proposition be approved? Approved Rejected Lewis County Fire Protection District No. 6 Proposition No. 1 Levy Lid Lift The Board of Lewis County Fire Protection District No. 6 adopted Resolution No. 2026-2 concerning a proposition to establish its regular property tax levy. This proposition authorizes the District to establish its regular property tax levy at $1.15 per $1,000 of assessed value to be assessed in 2026 and collected in 2027. The funds will maintain and improve fire protection, and life safety services, replace apparatus and equipment, and provide for firefighter safety. The dollar amount of the 2026 levy collected in 2027 shall serve as the base for computing subsequent levy limitations as provided by chapter 84.55 RCW. Should this Proposition be: Approved Rejected
