--- page 1 ---
14 14 The Auditor’s Office is not responsible for the content of statements or their factual and grammatical accuracy. District Court - Position 2 Community Service Outside the courtroom, Mistachkin has remained active in the community through volunteer work with Habitat for Humanity, including as board president, and for multiple youth organizations. Statement Mistachkin believes courts should apply the law fairly, protect the public trust, and treat every person with dignity and respect. Mistachkin has dedicated his legal career to serving the people of Grays Harbor. Contact (360) 581-6617; dajudgemista@gmail.com David Mistachkin (Nonpartisan) Elected Experience Grays Harbor Superior Court Judge 2018-2025. District Court Judge 2015-2016. Court Commissioner GH Superior. Judge pro tem; Municipal Courts. Other Professional Experience During his years on the bench, Mistachkin presided over criminal, family law, and therapeutic court matters. Mistachkin has served as a Superior Court Judge and Court Commissioner. Mistachkin also practiced law for many years with Ingram, Zelasko & Goodwin LLP. Education Willamette University College of Law; JD 2000. Willamette University College of Liberal Arts; BA 2000 Statement Our state and federal constitutions rely on the courts to safeguard your rights and liberties. As a judge for the past five years, I’ve focused on improving access to justice and strengthening public safety. I founded the District Court’s first therapeutic court to address high-risk Driving Under the Influence offenses through accountability and treatment. I also expanded District Court’s probation services to include pre-trial monitoring. Both of those reform are vital steps toward preventing crime and saving taxpayer dollars. In our county, every dollar matters. Over the past five years I fought for nearly $1 million in state funding to support innovative local programs, and the District Court’s Blake Day event I led refunded nearly half a million dollars from the state to community members. That kind of progress draws me to serving as a judge. I can make a real difference, not just in the cases I hear each day, but in the community where we all live. A judge or attorney can easily see dozens of cases in a week. But for the person involved in that case, that might be the only time they’re in a courtroom. And that matters to me. For more information (360) 580-4617 votemeganvalentine@gmail.com Megan Valentine (Nonpartisan) Elected Experience Grays Harbor District Court Judge Megan Valentine is running for re-election. Appointed in 2021 and elected in 2022, Judge Valentine is proud to be Grays Harbor’s first female District Court judge. Other Professional Experience With over 20 years of legal experience as a private attorney, prosecutor and advocate for children and families, she brings a well-rounded and practical approach to the bench. Education Judge Valentine has a Law Degree from Cornell, a Master of Business Admin - istration from Eastern Washington University, and a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Washington. Community Service Her service includes friends of the library and teaching youth about law and justice. District Court - Position 1 Statement Serving as your District Court Judge has been a privilege and I am grateful for the trust you have placed in me. I am running for re election to continue providing fair, efficient, and accessible justice for everyone in our community. District Court is often the public’s first—-and sometimes only—-experience with the court system. I am committed to ensuring that every person who appears in court is treated with dignity and respect, and that each case is handled carefully and efficiently. Working with court staff, law enforcement, and community partners, I will continue focusing on improving public safety, supporting accountability, and connecting people with the services they need. Even in an unopposed race, I see this election as a renewed commitment to public service. I will continue to uphold the rule of law, promote transparency, and modernize court processes while being a careful steward of public resources. Thank you for the opportunity to serve as your District Court Judge. For more information (360) 347-6323 voteforvingo@gmail.comvoteforvingo.com Andrea Vingo (Nonpartisan) Legal/Judicial Experience Four years as a District Court Judge for Grays Harbor County, 30 years as an attorney, and 19 years in judicial service, including as a District Court Judge Pro Tem and Hoquiam Municipal Court Judge. Other Professional Experience Judicial administration, court leadership, and collaboration with justice system and community partners. Education Seattle University School of Law, J.D.; University of California, Davis, B.A. Community Service Longtime community involvement, including Judges in the Classroom, support - ing education, accountability, and access to justice. This page was inadvertantly left out of your voter guide. Our apolgies to the District Court candidates .
