--- page 1 ---
SAMPLE BALLOT [10] <STD> (CS 1) - EC:1016453 Pend Oreille County, Washington General Election Official Sample Ballot November 3, 2026 SAMPLE BALLOT Instructions How to Vote Use a dark blue or black ink pen to completely fill in the oval to the left of your choice. Vote for one in each race. If you vote for more than one, no votes will be counted for that race. If you make a mistake Draw a line through the entire measure response or candidate's name. Then you may make another choice. Optional write-in To vote for a candidate not listed for that race, fill in the oval to the left of the line and print the name of the candidate. If a primary election was held for an office, the two candidates who received the most votes in the Primary advance to the General Election. Each candidate for partisan office may state a political party that the candidate prefers. A candidate's preference does not imply that the candidate is nominated or endorsed by the party, or that the party approves of or associates with that candidate. TURN OVER AND CONTINUE VOTING Start Voting Here State Measure - Initiative to the People State Measure - Initiative to the Legislature READ: Each candidate for partisan office may state a political party that the candidate prefers. A candidate's preference does not imply that the candidate is nominated or endorsed by the party, or that the party approves of or associates with that candidate. Federal - Partisan Offices Legislative - Partisan Offices County - Partisan Offices Initiative Measure No. IP26-645 Initiative Measure No. IP26-645 concerns state and local taxes. This measure would repeal a 9.9% tax on annual individual income over $1,000,000; prohibit taxes measured by individual income and taxes on individual income or the receipt of individual income; and define “income.” This measure would decrease funding for public K-12 education, higher education (including universities and community colleges), and human services (primarily healthcare). Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Initiative Measure No. IL26-001 Initiative Measure No. IL26-001 concerns parental rights relating to their children in public school. This measure would repeal amendments to a statute listing certain rights of parents and guardians of public-school children and re-enact the law as it was originally enacted by Initiative to the Legislature 2081. Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Initiative Measure No. IL26-638 Initiative Measure No. IL26-638 concerns participation in athletics at K- 12 schools. This measure would prohibit students it defines as “biologically male” from competing in certain school athletic activities intended for female students only. It would require verification of biological sex by students’ healthcare providers. Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No U.S. Representative Congressional District No. 5 Regular 2 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Michael Baumgartner (Prefers Democratic Party) Carmela Conroy State Senator - District No. 7 Regular 4 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Shelly Short (Prefers Independent Party) Ronald L McCoy State Representative District No. 7, Position 1 Regular 2 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Andrew Engell State Representative District No. 7, Position 2 Regular 2 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Hunter Abell County Assessor Regular 4 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Nathan J Longly County Auditor Regular 4 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Marianne Nichols County Clerk Regular 4 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Tammie Ownbey

--- page 2 ---
SAMPLE BALLOT [10] <STD> (CS 1) - EC:1016453 County - Partisan Offices Judicial - Nonpartisan Office Judicial - Nonpartisan Office Public Utility District - Nonpartisan Office Sacheen Lake Water & Sewer District Hospital District No. 1 Riverside School District No. 416-62 County Prosecutor Regular 4 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Dolly Hunt County Sheriff Regular 4 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Glenn Blakeslee County Treasurer Regular 4 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Nicole Dice County Commissioner No. 2 Regular 4 year term Vote for 1 (Prefers Republican Party) Robert Rosencrantz (Prefers Republican Party) Brandy Parker Warren State Supreme Court Justice Position No. 1 Unexpired 2 year term Vote for 1 Colleen Melody Scott Edwards State Supreme Court Justice Position No. 3 Regular 6 year term Vote for 1 David Stevens Jaime Michelle Hawk State Supreme Court Justice Position No. 4 Regular 6 year term Vote for 1 Ian Birk Sean O'Donnell State Supreme Court Justice Position No. 5 Unexpired 2 year term Vote for 1 Theo Angelis Dave Larson State Supreme Court Justice Position No. 7 Regular 6 year term Vote for 1 Debra L. Stephens Todd A. Bloom Court of Appeals Judge, Div 3, District No. 1, Position No. 2 Regular 6 year term Vote for 1 Tracy Arlene Staab Superior Court Judge, Position No. 2 Unexpired 2 year term Vote for 1 Thomas Franklin Webster District Court Judge Regular 4 year term Vote for 1 Robin R. McCroskey Public Utility Commissioner No. 2 Vote for 1 Regular 6 year term Gerry David Bradbury Ernie Hood Special Election - Proposition No. 1 One Year Excess Levy for Maintenance & Operation Shall the following taxes, in excess of regular, non-voted property- tax levies, for operation and maintenance purposes be levied for Sacheen Lake Water and Sewer District's General Fund upon all taxable property within the District; A tax of approximately $.75 per thousand dollars of assessed valuation (based on true and fair value) to provide $113,827, said levy to be made in 2026 for collection in 2027. Levy Yes Levy No Special Election - Proposition No. 1 Hospital Expansion and Renovation Bonds The Commission of Pend Oreille County Public Hospital District No. 1 adopted Resolution No. 2026-06 concerning a proposition to finance improvements to Newport Community Hospital. This proposition would authorize the District to expand and renovate Newport Community Hospital, including relocating the main entrance/admitting area and expanding imaging, laboratory, rehabilitative therapy, surgical, emergency, trauma, and behavioral health care services, together with other related capital improvements deemed necessary or advisable by the Commission; issue no more than $51,000,000 of general obligation bonds maturing within 30 years; and levy annual excess property taxes to repay the bonds, all as provided in Resolution No. 2026-06. Should this proposition be approved: Approved Rejected Special Election - Proposition No. 1 Replacement of Expiring Educational Programs and Operations Levy The Board of Directors of Riverside School District No. 416-62 adopted Resolution No. 6- 26-03, concerning a proposition to fund educational programs and operations. This proposition would authorize the District to levy the following excess taxes, replacing an expiring levy, on all taxable property within the District, for programs, services, and staff not funded by the State (including elective and advanced courses, vocational education, nurses, counselors, technology support, safety, security, performing arts, athletics, and extracurricular activities): Estimated Levy Rate/$1,000 Maximum Collection Assessed Levy Year Value Amount 2028 $1.58 $3,996,811 2029 $1.58 $4,116,715 2030 $1.58 $4,240,217 all as provided in Resolution No. 6-26-03. Should this proposition be approved: Levy Yes Levy No
