--- page 1 ---
<STA> (CS 17) - EC:283780 Official Ballot Ferry County, Washington November 3, 2026 2026 General Election Precinct precinct split.name Instructions Making a selection Completely fill in the oval to the left of your choice with black or blue ink. Voting more than once for a contest will be an over vote and no votes for that contest will be counted. How to correct a mistake Draw a line through the entire candidate's name. You then have the option of making another choice. Optional write-in To add a candidate, fill in the oval provided to the left of "Write-in" and print the name clearly on the line. Vote for only one candidate in each race. Start Voting Here State Measures Initiatives to the People Initiatives to the Legislature Initiatives to the Legislature If a primary election was held for an office, the two candidates who received the most votes in the Primary advanced to the General Election. Each candidate for partisan office may state a political party that the candidate prefers. A candidate's preference does not imply that the candidate is nominated or endorsed by the party, or that the party approves of or associates with the candidate. READ: E ach candidate for partisan office may state a political party that the candidate prefers. A candidate's preference does not imply that the candidate is nominated or endorsed by the party, or that the party approves of or associates with that candidate. Federal - Partisan Offices Congressional Dist. 5 Initiative Measure No. IP26- 645 concerns state and local taxes. This measure would repeal a 9.9% tax on annual individual income over $1,000,000; prohibit taxes measured by individual income and taxes on individual income or the receipt of individual income; and define “income.” This measure would decrease funding for public K-12 education, higher education (including universities and community colleges), and human services (primarily healthcare). Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Initiative Measure No. IL26- 001 concerns parental rights relating to their children in public school. This measure would repeal amendments to a statute listing certain rights of parents and guardians of public-school children and re-enact the law as it was originally enacted by Initiative to the Legislature 2081. Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Initiative Measure No. IL26-638 concerns participation in athletics at K-12 schools. This measure would prohibit students it defines as “biologically male” from competing in certain school athletic activities intended for female students only. It would require verification of biological sex by students’ healthcare providers. Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No U.S. Representative Vote for 1 Regular 2 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Michael Baumgartner (Prefers Democratic Party) Carmela Conroy Write-In

--- page 2 ---
<STA> (CS 17) - EC:283780 Legislative - Partisan Offices Legislative Dist. 7 County - Partisan Offices County - Partisan Offices Judicial - Nonpartisan Offices Supreme Court Judicial - Nonpartisan Offices Court of Appeals Superior Court District Court County - Nonpartisan Office State Senator Vote for 1 Regular 4 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Shelly Short (Prefers Independent Party) Ronald L McCoy Write-In State Representative Pos. 1 Vote for 1 Regular 2 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Andrew Engell Write-In State Representative Pos. 2 Vote for 1 Regular 2 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Hunter Abell Write-In County Assessor Vote for 1 Regular 4 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Rachel D. Siracuse Write-In County Auditor Vote for 1 Regular 4 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Dianna L. Galvan Write-In County Clerk Vote for 1 Regular 4 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Melanie Breezee (Prefers Republican Party) Sheri L Mott Write-In County Commissioner #2 Vote for 1 Regular 4 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Kevin J Berry (Prefers Republican Party) Robert (Bob) Dean Write-In Prosecuting Attorney Vote for 1 Regular 4 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Michael Golden Write-In County Sheriff Vote for 1 Regular 4 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Sam Olson (Prefers Republican Party) Ray Maycumber Write-In County Treasurer Vote for 1 Regular 4 year term (Prefers Republican Party) Shannon Jensen Write-In Justice Position #01 Vote for 1 Unexpired 2 year term Colleen Melody Scott Edwards Write-In Justice Position #03 Vote for 1 Regular 6 year term David Stevens Jaime Michelle Hawk Write-In Justice Position #04 Vote for 1 Regular 6 year term Ian Birk Sean O'Donnell Write-In Justice Position #05 Vote for 1 Unexpired 2 year term Theo Angelis Dave Larson Write-In Justice Position #07 Vote for 1 Regular 6 year term Debra L. Stephens Todd A. Bloom Write-In Judge Position 2 Vote for 1 Regular 6 year term Tracy Arlene Staab Write-In Judge Position 2 Vote for 1 Unexpired 2 year term Thomas Franklin Webster Write-In District Court Judge Vote for 1 Regular 4 year term Sarah Cuellar Write-In Public Utility Commissioner #3 Vote for 1 Regular 6 year term Andrew Pooler Doug Aubertin Write-In
