--- page 1 ---
Sample Ballot R ead Both Sides o f the Ballot Pr ecin ct SAMPLE Nov ember 3, 2026 Skagit Cou n ty Gen eral P age 1 o f 2 In str u ctio n s Instrucciones V ote for one in each contest V ote por una opció n en cada contienda Fill in the bo x to the lef t o f y our choice using black or blue in k . Marque el casillero a la izquierda de la opció n que elija con tinta negra o azul. Y ou may lea v e a contest blank , y our b allot will still count . Puede dejar una contienda en blanco, su voto igualmente se contabilizará . If y ou v ote for mor e than one, no v otes will be counted for that contest. Si elige más de una opción, no se contabilizará ningú n voto para esa contienda. Corr ecting a mistak e Có mo corregir un error Draw a line th r ough the incorr ect candidate name or b allot measur e choice. Y ou may then mak e another choice. T race una línea por encima del nombre del candidato incorrecto o de la iniciativa de ley elegida. Luego, puede elegir otra opció n. Optional write - in Opció n por escrito T o v ote for a candidate not listed in that contest, fill in the b o x to the lef t o f the dashed line and print the name on the line . P ara votar un candidato que no figura en esa contienda marque el casillero a la izquierda de la línea de puntos y escriba el nombre en letra de imprenta sobre esa lí nea. W ho donates to cam p aigns? ¿Quiénes hicieron donaciones para apoyar las campañ as? View contributors for candidates and measur es Consulte quié nes son los colaboradores de los candidatos y las iniciativas de ley Federal Elections Commission www.fec.gov T oll Free 1 (800) 424 - 9530 Public Disclosur e Commission www.pdc.wa.gov T oll Free 1 (877) 601 - 2828 S tart V oting Here S tatewide Measures Initiative to the P eople In itiati v e Measu r e No. IP26 - 645 Initiative Measure No. IP26 - 645 concerns state and local taxes. This measure would repeal a 9.9% tax on annual individual income over $1,000,000; prohibit taxes measured by individual income and taxes on individual income or the receipt of individual income; and define "income." This measure would decrease funding for public K - 12 education, higher education (including universities and community colleges), and human services (primarily healthcare). Should this measure be enacted into law? Y es No Initiative to the Legislature In itiati v e Measu r e No. IL26 - 001 Initiative Measure No. IL26 - 001 concerns parental rights relating to their children in public school. This measure would repeal amendments to a statute listing certain rights of parents and guardians of public - school children and re - enact the law as it was originally enacted by Initiative to the Legislature 2081. Should this measure be enacted into law? Y es No In itiati v e Measu r e No. IL26 - 638 Initiative Measure No. IL26 - 638 concerns participation in athletics at K - 12 schools. This measure would prohibit students it defines as "biologically male" from competing in certain school athletic activities intended for female students only. It would require verification of biological sex by students' healthcare providers. Should this measure be enacted into law? Y es No READ: Each candidate for partisan office may state a political party that the candidate prefers. A candidate's preference does not imply that the candidate is nominated or endorsed by the party, or that the party approves of or associates with that candidate. Federal P artisan Offices Con gr ession al District 2 U.S. R epr ese n tativ e Rick Larsen (Prefers Democratic P arty) Edwin H. Feller (Prefers R epublican P arty) Legislativ e District 10 S tate R epr esen tativ e P osition 1 Clyde Shavers (Prefers Democratic P arty) R obert (Chili) Hicks (Prefers R epublican P arty) Legislativ e District 10 S tate R epr esen tativ e P osition 2 Dave P aul (Prefers Democratic P arty) Tim Hazelo (Prefers R epublican P arty) Legislativ e District 39 S tate R epr esen tativ e P osition 1 Kathryn Lewandowsky (Prefers Democratic P arty) Sam Low (Prefers R epublican P arty) Legislativ e District 39 S tate R epr esen tativ e P osition 2 Ida K eeley (Prefers Democratic P arty) S teve Ewing (Prefers R epublican P arty) Legislativ e District 40 S tate R epr esen tativ e P osition 1 Debra Lekanoff (Prefers Democratic P arty) Cindy Carter (Prefers R epublican P arty) Legislativ e District 40 S tate R epr esen tativ e P osition 2 Alex Ramel (Prefers Democratic P arty) Joseph Segault (S tates No P arty Preference) County P artisan Offices Assessor Danny Hagen (Prefers Independent P arty) Au ditor Jeremy Harrison - Smith (Prefers Democratic P arty) Mark Hulst (Prefers Independent P arty) Clerk Melissa Beaton (Prefers Democratic P arty) Amanda T oscano (Prefers Independent P arty) Commission er District 3 short/full term K eith L. W agoner (Prefers R epublican P arty) Joe Burns (Prefers Democratic P arty) Cor on er Alex Lathum (Prefers Democratic P arty) Derrill Fussell (Prefers R epublican P arty) Pr osecu tin g A ttorn ey Erik P edersen (Prefers Democratic P arty) Continue next page

--- page 2 ---
Sample Ballot R ead Both Sides o f the Ballot Pr ecin ct SAMPLE Nov ember 3, 2026 Skagit Cou n ty Gen eral P age 2 o f 2 County P artisan Offices Sheriff Chris Baldwin (Prefers Independent P arty) Cody Hart (Prefers R epublican P arty) T r easu r er Jackie Brunson (Prefers Democrat P arty) Timothy Garrison (Prefers R epublican P arty) Judicial Nonpartisan Offices W ashi n gton S tate Su pr eme Co u r t Ju stice P ositio n 1 2 - year unexpired term Colleen Melody Scott Edwards W ashi n gton S tate Su pr eme Co u r t Ju stice P ositio n 3 David S tevens Jaime Michelle Hawk W ashi n gton S tate Su pr eme Co u r t Ju stice P ositio n 4 Ian Birk Sean O'Donnell W ashi n gton S tate Su pr eme Co u r t Ju stice P ositio n 5 2 - year unexpired term Theo Angelis Dave Larson W ashi n gton S tate Su pr eme Co u r t Ju stice P ositio n 7 Debra L. S tephens T odd A. Bloom Skagit Cou n ty District Co u r t Ju dge P osition 1 P atrick Eason Skagit Cou n ty District Cou r t Ju dge P osition 2 P aul W Nielsen Skagit Cou n ty District Cou r t Ju dge P osition 3 Jenifer Howson Public Utility District Pu blic Utility District No. 1 Commissio n er P ositio n 3 Non p ar tisan Office Andrew Miller Spencer R oozen Local Measures City o f Mou n t V er n on , W ashi n gton (Mou n t V ern on T ran spor tation Ben efit District) Pr oposition No. 1 R en ewal o f Sales an d Use T ax for T ran spor tation Imp r ov emen ts The City of Mount V ernon having assumed the role of the Mount V ernon T ransportation Benefit District of Mount V ernon, W ashington, adopted R esolution No. 1097 concerning sales and use taxes for transportation improvements, maintenance and repair. This propostition would authorize renewal and continued imposition of a sales and use tax of two - tenths of one percent (0.2%), within the District pursuant to R CW 82.14.0455 for a period of ten years for the purpose of paying or financing costs of transportation improvements in the City of Mount V ernon identified in R esolution No. 1097. Should this proposition be approved? Y es No City o f Sedr o - W oolley Pr oposition No. 1 An n exation in to Cen tral Skagit Ru ral P ar tial - Cou n ty Librar y District The City Council of Sedro - W oolley adopted R esolution Number 1191 - 26 concerning annexation into the Central Skagit Rural P artial - County Library District. The Central Skagit Rural P artial - County Library District (Central Skagit Library) covers the surrounding rural areas within the Sedro - W oolley School District boundaries but does not include Sedro - W oolley city limits. Library service provided to Sedro - W oolley residents is based on an agreement between the City and the Central Skagit Library with fees tied to the Central Skagit Library levy rate. V oter approval of Proposition 1 will result in Sedro - W oolley becoming a part of the Central Skagit Library. Should the City of Sedro - W oolley be annexed to and become a part of the Central Skagit Rural P artial - County Library District? Y es No La Con n er School District No. 311 Pr oposition No. 1 Edu cation al F acility Modern ization an d T echn ology Levy The Board of Directors of La Conner School District adopted R esolution No. 26 - 14 concerning facility modernization and technology levies. This proposition authorizes modernization of existing buildings and replacement and upgrades of technology systems; and authorizes the following excess levies for such purposes on taxable property within the District: Collection Y ears Approximate Levy Rate/$1,000 Assessed V alue Levy Amount 2027 $0.307 $350,000 2028 $0.308 $365,000 2029 $0.308 $380,000 2030 $0.308 $395,000 all as provided in R esolution #26 - 14. Should this proposition be approved? Y es No Fir e Pr otectio n District No. 5 Pr oposition No. 1 Au thorizin g R egu lar Pr oper ty T ax Levy The Board of Fire Commissioners of Skagit County Fire Protection District No. 5 (the "District"), adopted R esolution No. 2026 - 1 concerning a proposition to authorize the District's regular property tax levy. This measure would authorize a regular property tax levy of $0.78 per $1,000.00 of assessed valuation in 2026 (for collection in 2027) and would authorize a limit factor of up to 103% (but not to exceed the $1.50 rate) for each of the five succeeding years. The maximum allowable levy in 2031, collected in 2032, shall serve as the base for subsequent levy limitations as provided by Chapter 84.55 R CW. Should this proposition be approved? Y es No End of ballot
