Jurisdiction
79
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.City of Seattle
English for Speakers of Other Languages programs to additional Library 
branches; and
WHEREAS, the Council intends that a portion of the Library levy funding 
amount, as transmitted by the Mayor and increased by $4,060,000 by 
the Council, should be authorized for investments to support operating 
hours and access by expanding resource navigation with four additional 
full-time equivalent Community Resource Specialists and upgrading 
security badge access at the Central Branch; and
WHEREAS, the Council intends that a portion of the Library levy funding 
amount, as transmitted by the Mayor and increased by $15,000,000 
by the Council, should be authorized for investments to support 
maintenance by (1) completing the repair, replacement, or upgrades 
of cooling systems for all Library branches and (2) addressing deferred 
maintenance and branch electriﬁ  cation; and
WHEREAS, the Council intends that a portion of the Library levy funding 
amount, as transmitted by the Mayor and increased by $15,000,000 
by the Council, should be authorized for investments to support 
maintenance by renovating a historic Library branch to improve seismic 
safety, reduce the use of fossil fuels, and upgrade publicly available 
space; and
WHEREAS, the Council intends that a portion of the Library levy funding 
amount, as transmitted by the Mayor and increased by $8,400,000 by 
the Council, should be authorized for investments to support collections 
by expanding the electronic materials (e-books and e-audiobooks) and 
physical materials collections and increasing collections staffi   ng; and
WHEREAS, the Council intends that a portion of the Library levy funding 
amount, as transmitted by the Mayor and increased by $2,500,000 by the 
Council, should be authorized for investments to support collections by 
expanding the Peak Pick titles in Library’s e-book collection; and
WHEREAS, the Council intends that a portion of the Library levy funding 
amount, as transmitted by the Mayor and increased by $2,100,000 by 
the Council, should be authorized for investments to support operating 
hours and access by expanding Library programming made available live 
and recorded via the Seattle Channel; and
WHEREAS, the Council intends that a portion of the Library levy funding 
amount, as transmitted by the Mayor and increased by $8,200,000 by the 
Council, should be authorized for investments to support maintenance 
by improving physical accessibility under the Americans with Disabilities 
Act and by repairing or replacing elevators and escalators; and
WHEREAS, the Council intends that a portion of the Library levy funding 
amount, as transmitted by the Mayor, should be authorized for 
investments to support technology services by providing digital skilling 
programs for teens off  ered at the South Park and High Point Branch 
Libraries; and
WHEREAS, the Council intends that a portion of the Library levy funding 
amount, as transmitted by the Mayor, should be authorized for 
investments to support hours and access and collections by contracting 
with the Washington State Black Legacy Institute for programming 
that celebrates and preserves the rich history of Washington’s Black 
community and off  ers a powerful tribute to Black resilience, leadership, 
and cultural contributions; and
WHEREAS, The City of Seattle intends to place a levy proposal on the 
August 4, 2026, primary election ballot to replace the expiring levy in 
order to continue to provide ﬁ  nancial support to the programs and 
operations of the Library for the next seven years; NOW, THEREFORE,
BE IT ORDAINED BY THE CITY OF SEATTLE AS FOLLOWS:
Section 1. Deﬁ  nitions. As used in this ordinance:
A. “City” means The City of Seattle.
B. “Levy proceeds” means that portion of regular property taxes levied 
and collected as authorized by voter approval pursuant to this ordinance 
and all interest and other earnings thereon, and, if the City issues 
bonds, notes, interfund loans, or other evidences of indebtedness 
payable wholly or in part from the additional taxes authorized under 
this ordinance, as permitted by Section 4 of this ordinance, then “levy 
proceeds” also includes the proceeds of those bonds, notes, interfund 
loans, or other evidences of indebtedness.
C. “Library Board” means the board of trustees of the Library, a ﬁ ve-
member body appointed by the Mayor and conﬁ  rmed by the City 
Council, with exclusive control of the ﬁ  nances of the Library under RCW 
27.12.210 and sole authority to expend the Library Fund under Article XII 
of the Seattle City Charter, consistent with the annual appropriation of 
funds by the City Council.
D. “Library levy funding amount” means not less than $479,760,000 
of the increased levy amount over seven years resulting from the 
proposition’s passage.
E. “Library services” means the programs, services, capital improvements, 
and administration referred to in Section 6 of this ordinance, with such 
modiﬁ  cations as the City Council may from time to time authorize by 
ordinance.
Section 2. Levy of regular property taxes – Submittal. The City submits 
to the qualiﬁ  ed electors of the City a proposition as authorized by 
RCW 84.55.050 to exceed the levy limitation on regular property taxes 
contained in RCW 84.55.010, for property taxes levied in 2026 through 
2032 for collection in 2027 through 2033 respectively. This proposition 
shall be limited so that the City shall not levy more than $68,537,143 in 
the ﬁ  rst year and is expected to raise approximately $479,760,000 in 
aggregate over seven years for Library services. The levy amount in the 
ﬁ  rst year shall be used to determine subsequent years’ allowable regular 
levy limit in accordance with chapter 84.55 RCW. Amounts collected in 
excess of the Library levy funding amount are available for other City 
purposes for which the City’s regular levy may be applied. In accordance 
with RCW 84.36.381 and RCW 84.55.050, the City will exempt seniors, 
veterans with disabilities, or other persons with disabilities who qualify 
under 84.36.381 RCW from the increased levy amount resulting from 
the proposition’s passage. Pursuant to RCW 84.55.050(4), the maximum 
regular property taxes that may be levied in 2033 for collection in 2034 
and in later years shall be computed as if the levy lid in RCW 84.55.010 
had not been lifted under this ordinance.
Section 3. Deposit of levy proceeds. Unless otherwise directed by 
ordinance, Library Levy funding shall be deposited in the Library Levy 
Fund to pay for Library services. Levy proceeds may be temporarily 
deposited or invested in such a manner as may be lawful for the 
investment of City money, and interest and other earnings on Library 
Levy funding shall be deposited in the Library Levy Fund, used for the 
same purposes as the proceeds. The Fund shall receive earnings on its 
positive balances and pay interest on its negative balances. The Director 
of Finance is authorized to create other accounts within the Library Levy 
Fund as may be needed or appropriate to implement the purposes of 
this ordinance.
Section 4. Bond and notes. To the extent permitted by applicable law, 
the City may issue bonds, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness 
payable wholly or in part from the additional taxes authorized under this 
ordinance, and may pledge and may apply such taxes to the payment of 
principal of, interest on, and premium (if any) on such bonds, notes, or 
other evidences of indebtedness and to the payment of costs associated 
with them.
Section 5. Use of levy proceeds. The Library Levy funding amount shall 
be used solely for Library services in accordance with the provisions in 
Section 6 of this ordinance and in accordance with RCW 84.55.050. If levy 
collections exceed the Library levy funding amount, the excess funds 
Full text of Ordinance No. 127419 