52
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 46
/circle_arrow_rightState Representative Position No. 1
Elected Experience: No information submitted.
Other Professional Experience: Startup founder, executive, and 
enterprise sales consultant. Housing policy expert.
Education: BA., George Fox; MS., UO (Education); JD., Harvard Law 
School.
Community Service: As the child of a teen pregnancy, my parents’ 
aff  ordable neighborhood and hard work built our middle-class life. 
That path is gone, because our political class hasn’t made it a priority. 
I’m running to change that. My volunteer work makes my priorities 
clear: on the Futurewise board, I work on housing and environmental 
justice. I’ve mobilized grassroots voters around aff  ordable transit 
and taxing corporations fairly, and built community through my 
neighborhood association, YMCA, and coaching soccer.  
Statement: I have a track record of delivering big wins that improve 
aff  ordability. When Amazon tried to kill the millionaire tax that funds 
Social Housing, I led the press conference on their doorstep. I’ve also 
built broad coalitions that convinced the legislature to pass major 
housing bills.
I will prioritize aff  ordable housing, free childcare, and fast transit. We 
can make taxes fairer to fund schools, deliver universal healthcare, 
and protect vulnerable communities. Let’s invest in a clean, safe future 
for everyone. I’m endorsed by unions, College Democrats, Tech4Taxes, 
the Transit Riders Union, and dozens of local organizations, politicians, 
and community leaders.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 46 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Ron 
Davis 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (425) 270-7367 
 hello@voterondavis.com 
 voterondavis.com 
Elected Experience: Your State Representative since 2012.
Other Professional Experience: UW School of Public Health faculty; 
Public interest attorney; Director of Heart of America Northwest, 
the citizens’ group leading eff  orts for the environmental cleanup of 
Hanford Nuclear site, supervises the region’s only hands-on Tribal 
Environmental law student program.
Education: UW School of Law
Community Service: Honored repeatedly as “Legislator of the Year” 
by groups advocating for aff  ordable college, rights of persons with 
disabilities, special education, and open government. “Sunshine in 
Government” honoree of League of Women Voters.  Serves on the 
Washington Coalition for Open Government Board. Received UW 
School of Public Health, Community Service Award. Longtime PTSA 
activist. 
Statement: I’ve led on major progressive wins. There’s more to 
do. I championed the Millionaires and capital gains taxes to make 
the wealthiest pay their fair share to fund schools, healthcare, and 
childcare. I’m working to ensure our kids can aff  ord to live in Seattle 
and seniors can age in place by building aff  ordable housing, cutting 
sales tax, and making college free. I’ve fought Trump by passing ICE 
mask bans, funding abortion access, and protecting immigrants. I’ve 
always stood up to special interests. 
Endorsed: Planned Parenthood; Washington Conservation Action; 
Nurses; Teachers; Labor Council; Alliance for Gun Responsibility; 
Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal; more.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 46 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Gerry 
Pollet 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
    
 info@gerrypollet.com 
 gerrypollet.com 