Jurisdiction
45
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 37 
State Representative Position No. 1
Elected Experience: First time candidate running to bring needed 
generation change to Olympia
Other Professional Experience: Associate Director of Leadership 
Development, Rainier Scholars (2018-present); UX Research, Bloom 
Works and Washington Thriving (2024); Casework and Legislative 
Internships, US Senator Patty Murray.
Education: Colgate University, BA Political Science
Community Service: Current Seattle Planning Commissioner, 
2020-present, helping make our city more aff  ordable, inclusive, and 
welcoming to our growing, diverse population. Organized mutual aid 
in 2020, helping feed thousands of community members alongside 
local organizers. Additional volunteer work with the Mamelodi 
Initiative, in Pretoria, South Africa, helping expand education and 
outreach, and with the Youth Grantmaking Advisory Board with the 
Seattle Foundation.
Statement: I was raised by a single mom who came to this country 
as a refugee. As a child in Seattle, we experienced housing insecurity, 
medical debt, and gun violence. We achieved stability when she found 
a union healthcare job, and I joined Rainier Scholars.
It’s time for change in Olympia, to address urgent needs and 
restore hope: housing aff  ordability for struggling families, quality 
childcare for working parents, interest limits on medical debt, and 
early interventions that keep kids learning. Let’s do this, together. 
Endorsements: Representative Dawn Mason, Chris Reykdal, Sage 
Leaders, College Democrats of Washington, Jaelynn Scott, and Hannah 
-Howell.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 37 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Kelabe 
Tewolde 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 588-6096 
 hello@kelabeforwashington.com 
 kelabeforwashington.com 
Elected Experience: Chair, Education Committee; Member, Finance 
Committee and Consumer Protection and Business Committee.
Other Professional Experience: Non-proﬁ  t governance and 
management, including creating three non-proﬁ  t organizations (two 
national, one local); Local government executive branch policy and 
community relations
Education: Franklin High School; B. A., The Evergreen State College; 
M.A., Northeastern University.
Community Service: Board Member, Neighborhood House; Member, 
Washington Civil Rights Coalition; Founding Board Member, Hate 
Free Zone of Washington (OneAmerica); Founding Board Member, 
Puget Sound Public Radio, KUOW; Founding Member, Washington Tax 
Fairness Coalition; Founding Member, Task Force on Immigration and 
the States, National Conference of State Legislatures (NCSL)
Statement: 
In these tough times, Washington families face rising costs 
and complex challenges. As your State Representative and the House 
Education Chair, I am focused on a future where economic security 
and quality education are accessible to everyone. I am working to 
lower the cost of living while protecting the essential services upon 
which we all rely.
Our path forward requires equity expertise and bold, practical 
solutions. My deep community roots shape my commitment to 
modernizing our workforce, increasing our housing supply, and 
ensuring tax fairness for working families. I respectfully ask for your 
vote to build a resilient, inclusive Washington.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 37 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Sharon Tomiko 
Santos 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 326-9042 
 info@FriendsofSantos.com     
www.votesharontomikosantos.com