Jurisdiction
51
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 46
State Senator
Elected Experience: Elected to the National Association of Pro-Life 
nurses for two terms: 1988-1992
Other Professional Experience: In my vast nursing career, it was 
never just a job for me.  As a Med-Surg Nurse, working in various 
hospitals, mental health home care centers, stroke centers, clinics, 
and community health centers, in my last sixteen years I was charge 
nurse at the UW Northwest Hospital, 5th ﬂ  oor.
Education: Graduated in 1978 as a Registered Nurse with a Bachelor 
of Science from Oregon Health Sciences University.
Community Service: I’ve served on hospital boards, worked feeding 
the homeless, volunteering at youth prisons, Salvation Army 
Emergency Response Teams, and much much more. 
Statement: 
From an early age I’ve wanted to help the most vulnerable 
among us.  I’m a grandma that has raised seven children who loves 
our nation, and our Constitution. I believe in the sacredness of life, 
and the individual’s freedom of conscience that is the bedrock of our 
society.  The biggest threat to this, and our way life in Washington 
State, is the ongoing destruction of the economic contributions of 
generations that has given us a good place to raise our families.  This 
is being done by the current Democratic Party political machine, which 
is no longer a party, but a criminal syndicate. The ﬁ  nancial base for 
this is the theft of  taxpayers funds through unaudited nonproﬁ  ts 
which are then laundered to politicians.  This theft is what is driving 
the collapse of services and the increasing of taxes.
I am proud of the endorsement I have received from the King County 
Republican Party.  Their platform is an excellent one and a good 
representation of my policies.  I urge all those who feel their voice has 
no importance to elect me.  We are living in the times where more and 
more people are waking up and together we can make a diff  erence.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 46 
 State Senator 
 Sandra 
Stephens 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (206) 363-5189 
 Sandy.Stephens11@gmail.com     
Elected Experience: State Senator, Chair of the State Government, 
Tribal Aff  airs, and Elections Committee. Former State Representative.
Other Professional Experience: Javier has worked for the City of 
Seattle for over two decades, where he’s led programs to expand 
opportunities for women and minority-owned businesses.
Education: The son and grandson of farmworkers and laborers, Javier 
earned his Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the 
University of Washington and Master’s degree in Public Administration 
from Baruch College, the City University of New York.
Community Service: 
Javier has served on the board of the Washington 
State Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, President of Hispanic Seafair, 
and president of AFSCME Local 21C.
Statement: Javier is the leader in Olympia standing up to Trump, 
leading the charge to ban ICE agents from wearing masks, and 
terrorizing our communities. He also helped backﬁ  ll money that 
Trump cut from Planned Parenthood, said no to Trump’s buddies 
from stealing our voter data, and banned federal agents from using 
cameras to spy on immigrants.
Like you, rising costs have impacted him, too. That’s why he helped 
reform antiquated zoning laws so that we can build more aff  ordable 
housing, put a cap on rent increases, and voted to tax millionaires 
and the very wealthy to pay for free school lunches, tax relief for small 
businesses, and healthcare investments. 
Javier is a champion in the legislature on preventing gun violence, 
writing laws that banned ghost guns and high-capacity magazines. 
Next session, he wants to pass legislation to prohibit carrying guns in 
our parks and fairgrounds. 
Javier adds a unique voice in Olympia, being one of the ﬁ  rst Latinos in 
the Senate, he provides a needed equity lens in policy decisions. Javier 
is proud to be endorsed by: 46th District Democrats, Washington State 
Labor Council, Planned Parenthood Alliance Advocates, Washington 
Conservation Action, One America Votes, Washington State Nurses 
Association, and more.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 46 
 State Senator 
 Javier 
Valdez 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 javiervaldez46senate@gmail.com 
 javiervaldez.com 