Jurisdiction
69
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.State Supreme Court
Justice Position No. 7
Legal/Judicial Experience: Over two decades of providing legal 
and professional services to private and publicly-held companies, 
executives, business owners and Washington families; served as an 
Arbitrator for FINRA from 1999 to 2020.
Other Professional Experience: Over a decade as tax attorney and 
senior manager in major accounting ﬁ  rms. Active-duty Navy offi   cer 
from 2002 to 2013. Additional professional designations: CPA, CFA and 
CFP.
Education: LL.M. - University of Washington; J.D., M.B.A. - Tulane 
University; M.A. - Naval War College; B.A. - Simpson College; College of 
Naval Command & Staff  ; Warfare Qualiﬁ  ed.
Community Service: WSBA - Board of Governors; Nonproﬁ  t Finance 
Council; Adjunct faculty (UW, Tulane); Gallon+ Blood Donor
Statement: Throughout my career, I’ve worked to solve complex 
problems thoughtfully, collaboratively, and fairly. And my background 
has given me a deep appreciation for hard work, sacriﬁ  ce, and the 
experiences of everyday people. To pay for school, I worked farm, 
grocery and restaurant jobs and later earned my commission from the 
enlisted ranks. 
Following 9/11, I was called from the Naval Reserve to active duty, 
where I served for more than a decade. I placed my civilian career 
on hold and left my wife and children to deploy to the Persian Gulf. 
That experience had a big impact on my understanding of duty, 
accountability, and leadership under pressure. Since returning to 
civilian life, I’ve continued my public service through the WSBA Board 
of Governors. It was there, I was encouraged to seek election to the 
Supreme Court. 
This year’s election is a choice--whether to retain the current justices 
or to give someone new your vote. I believe I represent meaningful 
new perspective, experience, and common sense which will bring 
balance to the court. 
If elected, I promise to uphold and apply the law impartially and fairly. 
I respectfully ask for your vote for Supreme Court Justice, Position #7.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 7 
 Todd A. 
Bloom 
  
    
 (360) 876-2588 
 electtoddbloom@gmail.com     
Legal/Judicial Experience: As a Public Defender in King County, I 
spent the ﬁ  rst 15 years of my legal career in the trenches of our 
Justice System, serving as a constitutional check on the Government’s 
power to prosecute and incarcerate. Since 2023, I have continued that 
mission by operating my own practice.
Other Professional Experience: Member—Washington Defender 
Association; Washington Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers
Education: Howard University School of Law, J.D. 2007; University 
of Washington, B.A. 2003; A.A., Bellevue Community College, 2001; 
Bellevue Public School, 2nd to 12th grade, 1997.
Community Service: Volunteer coach for youth sports; Educating 
Washingtonians on civics and constitutional law through social media.
Statement: I was born in Cleveland, Ohio to working class immigrants 
and raised here in Washington since 1987. As a judicial candidate, I 
bring deep constitutional advocacy, and I understand the struggles 
facing everyday Washingtonians.
For 18 years, I’ve represented people from every walk of life: 
working families, small business owners, parents, veterans, and 
individuals accused of serious crimes. I have never represented 
corporations, never represented the government. I’ve fought for real 
people when constitutional rights mattered most. My career has 
focused on protecting the right of the People to be free from unlawful 
government intrusion. Those protections must apply equally to all, 
regardless of status, wealth, or background.
I also believe the judiciary must remain independent, impartial, and 
free from politics. The promise of our Constitution is only meaningful 
if Judges faithfully interpret and apply the law, ensuring the People 
receive the government our Constitution guarantees.
You will not ﬁ  nd judicial endorsements or a massive war chest here. 
What you will ﬁ  nd is a legal mind grounded in the promise of our 
Constitution with a commitment to real-world solutions and equal 
justice for all—I would be honored to earn your vote.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 7 
 Karim A. 
Merchant 
  
    
 (206) 347-7632 
 karim@win4wa.com 
 win4wa.com 