Jurisdiction
49
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 43
State Representative Position No. 1
Elected Experience: No information submitted.
Other Professional Experience: I currently serve as a Resident 
Director at The University of Washington. I oversee administrative 
operations, manage a team of Student Leaders, and ensure the 
safety of nearly 10,000 residents during overnight duty shifts. My 
primary responsibilities include budget management, collaboration on 
program and student development, and serving as a Hearing Offi   cer 
for Student Conduct Cases.
Education: M.A. - Student Aff  airs Administration, Appalachian State 
University, B.A. - International Studies with a focus in Security and 
Diplomacy and a Minor in Political Science, University of West Florida
Community Service: 
I spend most of my time supporting and working 
on behalf of students at UW.
Statement: I consider myself a pragmatic progressive Democrat. My 
priorities include reducing corporate inﬂ  uence in politics, regulating 
artiﬁ  cial intelligence to prevent unfair pricing, and strengthening 
public services so every Washingtonian can succeed.
Every Washingtonian deserves a great school, a walkable 
neighborhood, an aff  ordable home, and a government that prioritizes 
people over proﬁ  t. My experiences as a gay man, the son of a teacher, 
and a resident director have taught me the value of listening, serving 
others, and building community. As your state representative, I will 
support bold ideas and believe no problem is too big to solve.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 43 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Alby 
Clendennin 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
    
 albyforwashington@gmail.com     
Elected Experience: State Representative (2017-present) 
Other Professional Experience: As Deputy Director at DESC 
(Downtown Emergency Service Center), I help oversee a $150 million 
budget providing supportive housing, integrated healthcare, and 
social services to thousands who have experienced homelessness in 
our region. My previous work includes supporting domestic violence 
survivors and individuals living with developmental disabilities. 
Education: MPA, Evans School, University of Washington; BA, 
Sociology, Rutgers University 
Community Service: 
Past President, Washington Low Income Housing 
Alliance; Former Member, Seattle University Institutional Review 
Board; Human Right to Housing Award, National Homelessness Law 
Center; Named one of Seattle’s most inﬂ  uential people by Seattle 
Magazine and Seattle Met.
Statement: As your State Representative, I’ve led the ﬁ  ght to protect 
abortion access, tackle climate change, and make housing and 
healthcare aff  ordable. I’ve championed landmark laws to prevent rent 
gouging and enact historic tax fairness to fund schools and childcare, 
lower costs for working families and seniors, and cut small business 
taxes.
I’ve worked to reduce gun violence, address the fentanyl crisis, and 
protect immigrant and LGBTQ+ neighbors from hateful federal 
overreach. With your continued support, I’ll keep advancing economic 
fairness and opportunity for everyone. I’m voting no on all statewide 
initiatives and hope our community unites against these harmful 
measures.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 43 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Nicole 
Macri 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 313-3751 
 nicole@votenicole.org 
 www.votenicole.org 