50
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 43
State SenatorState Representative Position No. 2
Elected Experience: State Senator; Deputy Majority Leader; Chair: 
Law & Justice Committee; Committee Member: Ways & Means; 
Environment, Energy & Technology
Other Professional Experience: Senior Deputy Prosecuting Attorney, 
King County (20 years); Chair: Therapeutic Alternative Unit; Crisis 
Intervention Training Instructor: WA Criminal Justice Training 
Commission (10 years). Intern: Sexually Violent Predator Unit, AG’s 
Offi   ce. Clerk: State Supreme Court.
Education: Juris Doctorate UW; B.A. History and Political Science, UC 
Berkeley
Community Service: Recipient: PTSA “Golden Acorn,” “Champion for 
Kids’” and NAMI “Behavioral Health Champion” awards. Girl Scout 
Cookie mom; Chess Club, Math Club and Destination Imagination 
coach; Hopelink board member; Co-founder of API Chaya, (supporting 
survivors of gender-based violence).
Statement: We deserve leaders with a proven record of bringing 
people together to solve tough problems. I have listened to our 
community to deliver meaningful results. My work is guided by science 
and data and rooted in collaboration, honesty, and integrity. I have 
led eff  orts to strengthen public safety, expand behavioral health care, 
protect reproductive freedom, and defend civil rights.
We need bold leaders, committed to justice. I’ve worked alongside 
survivors, law enforcement and community organizations to improve 
victim services, strengthen accountability, expand crisis response 
systems, and connect people experiencing mental illness and 
addiction with treatment. 
Each of us has a role to play in the prosperity of our state. We 
must continue advancing social equity, investing responsibly in 
transportation, and empowering our children to become the leaders 
we need to continue our tremendous economic growth. Our state 
must remain a leader in innovation and in creating opportunities for 
all.
With your vote, I would be honored to continue working to protect 
our democracy, improve healthcare access, defend workers, protect 
seniors, small businesses, and immigrants, and ﬁ  ght for a safe and 
livable planet. Endorsements: Planned Parenthood, One America 
Votes, Washington Conservation Action, labor unions, nurses, and 
community leaders across the Eastside. 
 State 
 Legislative District No. 45 
 State Senator 
 Manka 
Dhingra 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
    
 info@electmanka.com 
 electmanka.com 
Elected Experience: Washington State Representative, 43rd Legislative 
District (2025-present). As a ﬁ  rst-term lawmaker, I’ve worked to end 
corporate tax breaks totaling $645 million in preserved biennial 
spending on low income housing, wildﬁ  re mitigation, public schools, 
and higher education. In my two campaigns for this seat, I’ve been 
endorsed by the Washington State Labor Council, Planned Parenthood 
Alliance Advocates, Washington Conservation Action, among others.
Other Professional Experience: Executive Director, Got Green 
(2025-present). Policy Analyst, Statewide Poverty Action Network 
(2020-2024).
Education: History, BA studies, University of Washington (2003-2008).
Community Service: Member of the Seattle Democratic Socialists of 
America since January 4, 2017; Precinct Committee Offi   cer, 43rd L.D. 
Democrats (2020-2023).
Statement: In my ﬁ  rst year in offi   ce in 2025, the six largest companies 
in Washington State spent $2.1 million lobbying in Olympia. These 
oligarchs expect a return on their investment in the form of huge 
corporate handouts and cuts to vital services the rest of us depend on. 
All that’s stopping them from getting it is working class movements 
outside our state capitol, and working class champions inside it. I’m 
eager to go back to work for the people of the 43rd L.D. as the ﬁ rst 
open socialist in the Washington State Legislature since 1914. 
 State 
 Legislative District No. 43 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Shaun 
Scott 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 437-7826 
 organizewithshaun@gmail.com 
 BolderWashington.org 
Voting FAQ
 How do i vote?
Fill in the bubble next to your choice in 
each contest. 
 Do I have to use a pen?
You can use pen, pencil, crayon, or 
anything else that clearly ﬁ  lls in the 
bubble next to your choice.
 Do I have to vote on every race?
It’s up to you which races you vote on. You 
can vote on one race, two races, or all races. 
We will count whichever votes you mark.
 What if I change my mind 
or made a mistake?
Make a line through the option you do not 
want. Then, ﬁ  ll in the bubble next to your
correct choice.
 Do I have to sign my ballot?
You must sign the outside of the return 
envelope for your ballot to be counted. 
Your signature doesn’t have to be neat or 
legible, but it does have to match the
signatures in your voter registration ﬁ  le.
 How do I return my ballot?
You can return your ballot to one of our 
more than 90 ballot drop boxes around 
King County. You can also put your ballot 
into any USPS mailbox. If mailing your 
ballot, USPS recommends mailing at least 
one week before Election Day.