26
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 1
State Representative Position No. 2
Elected Experience: Current Deputy Mayor and former Planning 
Commissioner for the City of Bothell. Elected in 2021, re-elected 2025.  
Other Professional Experience: Currently employed as a human 
services specialist leading trauma-informed systems change eff  orts 
in behavioral health programming. Formerly self-employed birth and 
postpartum doula for over a decade. 
Education: Masters of Public Aff  airs (2024), Public Leadership 
Credential from Harvard University’s Kennedy School of Governance 
(2021), Masters of Early Childhood Education (2008), Bachelors of 
Science in Human Development (2005). 
Community Service: Current board member of North Urban Human 
Services Alliance (Vice-President) and Lake City Partners Ending 
Homelessness, former Emerge WA Cabinetmember, former LGBTQIA+ 
youth group leader.
Statement: Voters in the 1st deserve a representative who delivers 
on the issues that matter to our communities. I stand up for those 
who are struggling and deliver needed change. From strengthening 
public safety and transportation to supporting human rights, housing, 
parks, and local businesses, I have a proven record of progressive 
accomplishments that improve quality of life for everyone. In Olympia, 
I will continue ﬁ  ghting for aff  ordability, stronger communities, 
individual freedoms, and real progress for Washingtonians. I’m 
honored to be endorsed by 1st LD, Snohomish and King County 
Democrats, neighbors, and local elected leaders across the district. 
More at votejenne.com.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 1 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Jenne 
Alderks 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (360) 218-4612 
 jennealderks@gmail.com 
 votejenne.com 
Elected Experience: Precinct Committee Offi   cer, Legislative District 1.
Other Professional Experience: I have sixty-three years of experience 
in the construction trades and ﬁ  fty-four years in small business 
ownerships. 
Education: Bachelor of  Science Physical Oceanography, University 
of Washington, Master of Science Civil Engineering, University of 
Washington. Cross-cultural education, and international teaching 
experience.
Community Service: Visiting faculty lecturer teaching 
Entrepreneurship and Introduction to Business classes at universities 
in Kazakhstan, India, and University of Washington-Bothell.
Statement: I am running to represent people that want to raise their 
kids, work hard, and have money left at the end of every paycheck. 
The cost of gas, groceries, and utility fees eat away our income. Layers 
of taxes are driving up costs. Families are the foundation of a strong 
community. Parents should raise their children. Schools should focus 
on academics.
I support law enforcement, public safety, and legal immigration. Each 
enables an active and safe community. Olympia’s moral compass has 
been displaced, and common sense has been ignored. I am endorsed 
by the King County Republican Party.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 1 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Cliﬀ   
Moon 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
            
(425) 470-1887
vote@cliff  4LD1.com
www.cliff  4LD1.com