44
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 37 
State Senator
Elected Experience: This is my ﬁ  rst run for elected offi   ce.
Other Professional Experience: WA Environmental Justice Council 
– Co-chair and Community Representative. People’s Economy Lab 
- Collaborative Governance Strategist. Campus Sustainability Fund, 
UW Seattle - Program Lead. Sage Leaders Community Leadership 
Institute. Distinguished Fellow, UW Evans School.
Education: MPA and MPH from UW-Seattle; BS in Anthropology 
from Virginia Commonwealth University. Trained in economics, 
environment, public health, and policy.
Community Service: I have served my community to expand food 
access, support immigrant families, close the racial wealth gap, and 
mentor the next generation of leaders with organizations like Sage 
Leaders and Standing for Democracy. 
Statement: I’m a community organizer who has spent my career 
ﬁ  ghting alongside working families for justice, opportunity, and 
turning grassroots advocacy into durable change.
In the 37th Legislative District, I’ve partnered with my neighbors, 
workers, youth, and community leaders to help shape groundbreaking 
policies like the Climate Commitment and HEAL Acts. I’ve helped lead 
some of the nation’s ﬁ  rst government-funded community assemblies 
because the people most impacted by public policy should help create 
it.
I’m running for State Senate to bring community voices directly into 
Olympia and deliver on the priorities I hear every day: aff  ordable 
housing, stronger public schools, safer neighborhoods, and reliable 
transit. I will champion accessible healthcare, climate justice, and an 
economy where working people can thrive. I will direct investments 
into Seattle, Skyway and Renton, protect worker and immigrant 
communities, small businesses, and ensure our tax system is 
structured so the wealthiest pay their fair share.
The 37th is my home and I will work each day to ﬁ  ght for a 
government that serves us all. You deserve leadership centered in 
community and action, and with your vote – we will Build Diff  erent 
together.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 37 
 State Senator 
 Tatiana 
Brown 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 412-1535 
 hello@tatianaforwa.org 
 www.tatianaforwa.org 
Elected Experience: State Representative, 2023-present
Other Professional Experience: At Microsoft, I work to keep our 
technology as a worldwide leader in safety and security. Additionally, 
I’m a small business owner and former professional soccer referee. 
I’m passionate about housing aff  ordability and our youth, particularly 
in sports and STEM education.
Education: Bachelor and Masters in Computer Science, Brown 
University
Community Service: I’m dedicated to digital equity and taught 
computer science at Technology Access Foundation. My volunteer 
work has strengthened our community: Board Member, Institute 
for Democratic Future; Alumni Engagement, Leadership Tomorrow; 
Public Policy Impact Councilmember, United Way of King County; co-
President, National Society of Black Engineers.
Statement: Raised in a working-class neighborhood and a proud 
product of public schools, I understand the challenges families face. 
Housing is expensive and healthcare is unaff  ordable. Childcare costs 
as much as a mortgage and our public schools are underfunded.
With a fascist as the president, the state legislature is more important 
than ever. I’m the only candidate who has turned progressive 
values into policy and investment. I earned positions in Democratic 
leadership and on tax and budget committees to champion the 
millionaires tax, which funds education, expands healthcare access, 
and cuts taxes for working families. I battled the landlord lobby to 
pass tenant protections like rent stabilization and reformed zoning 
laws to increase home building.
Working alongside community, I secured $131 million to invest in 
our district, including Garﬁ  eld Super Block, Skyway Homeownership, 
Tubman Health Center, Rainier Valley Food Bank, Childhaven Early 
Learning Center, and $300,000 to study reparations for descendants 
of slaves.
I fought back when Trump was reelected, restoring the abortion 
funding he eliminated, maintaining food assistance for immigrants, 
banning ICE from wearing masks, and stopping Flock camera 
surveillance in our communities. With unmatched endorsements 
from labor and environmental advocates, I ask for your vote to drive 
progressive wins. 
 State 
 Legislative District No. 37 
 State Senator 
 Chipalo 
Street 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 705-3585 
 info@electchipalo.com 
 electchipalo.com 