60
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Metropolitan King County
Council District No. 2
Education: 37th LD Senator (2017–Present); Executive Director, Puget 
Sound Sage (2014–2016)
Occupation: B.A. Humanities and Theology, Seattle University
Statement: I’m running for King County Council to build more housing 
that is aff  ordable at any income, raise wages, improve transit, and 
make universal childcare a reality. Making King County a place every 
family can aff  ord will require transformational change, and that’s 
exactly what I have been doing in the state senate for a decade. 
Too many families are choosing between paying for rent or health 
insurance. As the daughter of a formerly undocumented Mexican 
farmworker, I will never stop ﬁ  ghting to protect our communities 
from masked ICE agents terrorizing our neighbors and corporations 
stealing our wages. 
In the state senate, I championed and passed taxes on the ultra-
wealthy, including the Capital Gains Tax and Millionaires Tax, to fund 
the essential services we need. As Labor Committee Chair, I passed 
the most progressive Paid Family and Medical Leave programs 
in the country and passed a Domestic Workers Bill of Rights to 
ensure fairness and dignity for care workers. I also delivered on 
landmark investments in aff  ordable housing, transit, and community 
investments.
I’m proud to have earned the sole endorsement of the King County 
Democrats. I’ll bring new energy and proven leadership to the council 
to expand behavioral health and crisis response, improve transit 
access, and lower costs for working families. Addressing our toughest 
challenges will mean standing up to powerful special interests and 
never compromising on our values. That’s what I’ve spent my life 
doing.
Endorsements: King County Councilmembers Mosqueda, Perry, Balducci, 
and Gossett (fmr); Seattle City Councilmembers Foster, Hollingsworth, and 
Lin; progressive legislators Scott, Macri, Farivar, Street, and Javier Valdez; 
unions representing essential workers (SEIU 775, SEIU 925, and UFCW 
3000); county employees (PROTEC17; Teamsters 28, 117, 174, and 763; 
and AFSCME Council 2); machinists (IAM 751); graduate students (UAW 6); 
more at rebeccasaldana.com! 
 County 
 Metropolitan King County 
 Council District No. 2 
 Rebecca 
Saldaña 
  
    
(206) 659-8303
 info@rebeccasaldana.com 
 www.rebeccasaldana.com 
Securing our 
Elections so Every 
Vote Counts
At King County 
Elections, our mission 
is to conduct accurate, secure 
and accessible elections
.
Physical Security
Our facility is monitored by over 
80 security cameras.
The public can watch us process the 
election via 15 live webcams.
Staff and observers must badge into 
and out of the ballot processing area.
Ballot storage and tabulation 
areas require both a badge and 
biometric access.
Cybersecurity
Certiﬁed cybersecurity experts are 
on staff at Elections and at King 
County IT.
All staff receive annual 
cybersecurity training.
Voter registration and tabulation 
systems are kept separate from one 
another for maximum security.
The ballot tabulation system is on a 
specially designed, entirely closed 
network, not connected to the internet.