--- page 1 ---
J: \ public \ Press Releases \ 2026 \ Charter Review Recommendations Press Release.docx Board of Clallam County Commissioners 223 East 4 th Street, Suite 4 Port Angeles, WA 98362 - 3015 360.417.2233 Fax: 360.417.2493 MIKE FRENCH, District 3, Chair Email: commissioners@clallamcountywa.gov RANDY JOHNSON, District 2 TODD MIELKE, County Administrator MARK OZIAS, District 1 July 14 , 20 2 6 PRESS RELEASE For Immediate Release The 2025 Clallam County Charter Review Commission forwarded two formal recommendations to the Board of County Commissioners. After holding town hall events in each of the three Districts and soliciting additional public comment, the Board of Commissioners is taking action on both recommendations. The first recommendation was to create a new position of "Water Resource Specialist" within the Department of Community Development "with the necessary expertise to collect, analyze, and provide water resource data to all entities managing water resources in the County." Both the Charter Review Commission and the Board of Commissioners received a range of comments, thoughts and suggestions from the public on this topic. Those in support of the concept underscored the fundamental importance of water and wa ter resource planning and pointed to the benefit of having this be the sole focus of a position. Those concerned or in opposition to this recommendation expressed an aversion to the potential for the position to either be, or to become, regulatory in natu re as well as concern regarding the ability of the County to support this position given challenging financial times for counties. After discussion between the Director of Community Development and the Board of Commissioners on how to move forward with consideration of this recommendation, the Director of Community Development is considering options for the creation of this new positi on within his department and will be prepared to discuss his recommendation(s) for doing so as a component of the annual budget planning process for 2027. The Board of Commissioners is prepared to work with the Director of Community Development to discuss his recommendation(s) and to work collaboratively on how to achieve them. The second recommendation was to "develop policies and procedures for responding to requests from State and Federal agencies for comments on the potential impact of transfers or acquisitions of land to or by those agencies where such transfers or acquisiti ons would affect the County's taxing, revenue raising, legislative, regulatory, and/or law enforcement jurisdiction." The vast majority of public input related to this recommendation was supportive, particularly recognizing that the intent

--- page 2 ---
J: \ public \ Press Releases \ 2026 \ Charter Review Recommendations Press Release.docx and best practice is to provide a response to all requests for comment and in light of the high percentage of land in Clallam County that is already under State or Federal ownership. The County Administrator and Commissioners have drafted, adopted and sent a response to a request from a Federal agency for comment regarding the potential impact of a land transfer or acquisition and expect to utilize this letter as a template for future efforts. To ensure consistency, the County Administrator is drafting an update to County Administrative Policy which outlines the process for future responses. The Charter Review Commission also advanced several potential Charter amendments forward to be voted on in a general election . The first of these related to the Coroner position and was on the November 2025 ballot; three additional potential Charter amendments will be on the November 2026 ballot .
