--- page 1 ---
(CS 1) - EC:373673 SAMPLE BALLOT Clallam County, Washington November 3, 2026, General Election 899 Instructions How to Vote Use a dark colored pen to completely fill in the oval to the left of your choice. Vote for ONLY one in each contest. If you vote for more than one choice, your vote will not count for that race or measure. Write-in Option To vote for a write-in candidate fill in the oval next to the write-in line and print the name. How to Correct a Vote To make a correction, draw a line through the entire incorrect choice. You then have the option of making another choice. Need Voter Assistance? For a replacement ballot or for information on Accessible Voting Units (available 20 days before Election Day) please call us at (360) 417-2221 . Want More Information About What's On Your Ballot? View ballot content in your mailed Voters' Pamphlet or the Online Voters' Guide at: www.clallamcountywa.gov/elections . Who Donates to Campaigns? For a list of the people and organizations that donated to state and local candidates and ballot measure campaigns, visit: www.pdc.wa.gov . To view financial contributors for federal candidates, visit: www.fec.gov. Returning Your Ballot By Mail Ballots must be postmarked on or before Election Day to be counted. By Official Ballot Drop Box Ballots must be deposited inside an Official Ballot Drop Box by 8:00 p.m. on Election Night to be counted. See insert for Official Ballot Drop Box locations. Initiative to the People Initiatives to the Legislature Proposed Charter Amendments Proposed Charter Amendments READ: Each candidate for partisan office may state a political party that the candidate prefers. A candidate's preference does not imply that the candidate is nominated or endorsed by the party, or that the party approves of or associates with that candidate. Federal: Partisan Office State: Partisan Offices Initiative Measure No. IP26-645 Initiative Measure No. IP26-645 concerns state and local taxes. This measure would repeal a 9.9% tax on annual individual income over $1,000,000; prohibit taxes measured by individual income and taxes on individual income or the receipt of individual income; and define “income.” This measure would decrease funding for public K-12 education, higher education (including universities and community colleges), and human services (primarily healthcare). Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Initiative Measure No. IL26-001 Initiative Measure No. IL26-001 concerns parental rights relating to their children in public school. This measure would repeal amendments to a statute listing certain rights of parents and guardians of public-school children and re-enact the law as it was originally enacted by Initiative to the Legislature 2081. Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Initiative Measure No. IL26-638 Initiative Measure No. IL26-638 concerns participation in athletics at K-12 schools. This measure would prohibit students it defines as “biologically male” from competing in certain school athletic activities intended for female students only. It would require verification of biological sex by students’ healthcare providers. Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Proposed Amendment No.1 Charter Amendment Requiring County Commissioner District Town Hall Meetings The Clallam County Charter Review Commission adopted Resolution No. 3 concerning amendment of the charter requiring commissioner district town hall meetings. This proposition would amend Article II of the Clallam County Charter to require each individual county commissioner to conduct a minimum of one town hall meeting per year in their commissioner district and require the county commissioners, together, to conduct a minimum of one town hall meeting per year in each of the three commissioner districts. These meetings will be required to occur outside normal business hours. Should this proposition be: Approved Rejected Proposed Amendment No. 2 Charter Amendment Establishing an Ethics Review Board The Clallam County Charter Review Commission adopted Resolution No. 4 concerning establishment of a Clallam County Ethics Review Board. This proposition would amend Article VIII of the Clallam County Charter to require the establishment of an ethics review board responsible for reviewing complaints of alleged violations of the Clallam County Code of Ethics by elected county officials. Board members would be appointed by designated elected county officials according to eligibility requirements and serve without compensation. The board would adopt rules governing the handling of complaints. Board findings would be published on the county’s website. Should this proposition be: Approved Rejected Proposed Amendment No. 3 Charter Amendment Requiring Printing of the Full Text of Proposed Charter Amendments in the Local Voters' Pamphlet The Clallam County Charter Review Commission has adopted Resolution No. 5 concerning local voters' pamphlet print requirements for proposed charter amendments. This proposition would amend Article XI of the Clallam County Charter to require the full text of all proposed charter amendments to be printed in the local voters’ pamphlet. Should this proposition be: Approved Rejected Congressional District 6 U.S. Representative (Prefers Democratic Party) Emily Randall (Prefers Republican Party) Teresa Fox Legislative District 24 State Representative Pos. 1 (Prefers Democratic Party) Adam Bernbaum (Prefers Republican Party) Eric W. Pratt Legislative District 24 State Representative Pos. 2 (States No Party Preference) Marcia Kelbon (Prefers Democratic Party) Kaylee Kuehn

--- page 2 ---
(CS 1) - EC:373673 SAMPLE BALLOT Clallam County, Washington November 3, 2026, General Election 899 County: Nonpartisan Offices County: Partisan Office County: Nonpartisan Offices Judicial: Nonpartisan Offices Judicial: Nonpartisan Offices PUD: Nonpartisan Office Local Issues Local Issues End of Ballot Assessor Lee Hancock Antonio Price Auditor Virginia Shogren Shoona Riggs County Commissioner Dist. No. 3 (Prefers Independent Party) Jake Seegers (Prefers Democratic Party) Mike French Director of Community Development Bruce Emery Prosecuting Attorney Mark Nichols Sheriff Brian King Treasurer Jennifer L White Supreme Court Justice Position 1 2-year unexpired term Colleen Melody Scott Edwards Supreme Court Justice Position 3 David Stevens Jaime Michelle Hawk Supreme Court Justice Position 4 Ian Birk Sean O'Donnell Supreme Court Justice Position 5 2-year unexpired term Theo Angelis Dave Larson Supreme Court Justice Position 7 Debra L. Stephens Todd A. Bloom Court of Appeals, Division 2, District 2 Judge Position 1 Erik D. Price District Court 1 Judge Alex Schodowski Patrick David Murphy District Court 2 Judge Bruce Hanify Public Utility District No. 1 Commissioner District No. 2 Rick Paschall Randy Brackett Quillayute Valley School District 402 Proposition No. 1 Bonds to Rebuild Forks Middle School The Board of Directors of Quillayute Valley School District No. 402 adopted Resolution No. 10-25/26, concerning bonds to provide safe, modern facilities to enhance student learning. This proposition would authorize the District to: construct a new middle school to replace Forks Middle School (including modern, flexible learning spaces; secure, single-point entrance; efficient parking and pick-up/drop-off area to improve student and pedestrian safety and traffic flow; full- size gym and cafeteria for student and community use); issue $34,000,000 of general obligation bonds maturing within 25 years; and levy annual excess property taxes to repay the bonds, all as provided in resolution No. 10-25/26. Should this proposition be: Approved Rejected Fire Protection District No. 1 Proposition No. 1 Property Tax Levy for Fire Protection and Emergency Medical Services The Board of Clallam County Fire Protection District No. 1 adopted Resolution No. 26-001 concerning a proposition to maintain and adequately fund District operations. This proposition would fund fire protection and emergency medical services by establishing the District's existing regular property tax levy in 2026 at $1.00 per $1,000.00 of assessed valuation and authorize annual adjustments for the nine succeeding years based on the greater of one percent or the 12-month West Region CPI-U reported in June of each levy year. The maximum allowable levy in 2035 shall serve as the base for subsequent levy limitations. Should this proposition be: Approved Rejected Fire Protection District No. 2 Proposition No. 1 Property Tax Levy For Emergency Medical Services The Board of Clallam County Fire Protection District No. 2, has adopted Resolution No. 2026- 03 concerning a proposition to fund emergency medical services. Will Clallam County Fire Protection District No. 2 be authorized to fund emergency medical services for its citizens by imposing a regular property tax levy of $.50 or less per $1,000.00 of assessed valuation for a period of ten consecutive years to be collected beginning in 2027? Yes No Fire Protection District No. 6 Proposition No. 1 Property Tax Levy For Fire Protection and Emergency Services The Board of Clallam County Fire Protection District No. 6 adopted Resolution No. 2026-01 concerning a proposition to maintain and adequately fund District operations. This proposition authorizes the District to levy a regular property tax at a maximum rate of $1.50 per $1,000 of assessed value in 2026 for collection in 2027. The funds will maintain fire protection, and emergency services, replace apparatus and equipment, and provide for firefighter safety. The senior and disabled exemption under RCW 84.36.381 would apply to the additional taxes. The 2026 levy shall serve as the base for computing subsequent levy limitations. Should this proposition be: Approved Rejected
