Jurisdiction
63
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.State Supreme Court
/circle_arrow_rightJustice Position No. 1
Legal/Judicial Experience: I’ve made thousands of judicial decisions 
as a Snohomish County Superior Court Commissioner pro tem 
and court-appointed Arbitrator, over the past 18 of my 29 years in 
family law practice. I have come alongside families in all stages of 
brokenness, navigating the complexities of litigation with compassion 
and conﬁ  dence.
Other Professional Experience: Free Methodist Bible Quizzing: 
Denominational Director (since 2018), Competition Judge (since 1989); 
Family Law Lecturer, Rigos Bar Review (1997–2013). 
Education: Wenatchee High School, Valedictorian; Seattle Paciﬁ  c 
University, BA summa cum laude; University of Washington School of 
Law, JD.
Community Service: 
Board Member, Shoreline Free Methodist Church 
(3 years); Elder, LFP Presbyterian Church (6 years).
Statement: I am the only judicially experienced candidate
 for Position 1, 
having served on the bench more than 20 times as long as all others 
in this race combined. 
Unique among these candidates, I have zero history of partisan 
activism. You can trust me to measure all laws against the Constitution 
as written, without any political shadows clouding my objectivity. 
Impartiality is a judge’s job, and I am your best hope for it here. 
More signiﬁ  cantly, your vote for me will put a Justice with deep family 
law expertise onto the Court for the ﬁ  rst time since no-fault divorce 
was legalized in Washington 52 years ago. While the landscape of 
family law practice has shifted seismically in subsequent decades, our 
state courts still fall short. Because the Supreme Court—in addition 
to deciding cases—oversees the procedures and priorities of lower 
courts, as a Justice I will advocate for “fast-tracking” appeals in family 
law matters, to bring timely closure to uncertain chapters. Years of 
legal limbo may be acceptable in other arenas, but for children in 
crisis you can’t undo damage caused by delay.  
If you value experience, impartiality, or family law expertise on our State 
Supreme Court, I am your best choice.
 Judicial 
State Supreme Court 
Justice Position No. 1 
 Laura 
Christensen Colberg 
 (206) 627-0706 
 info@laura4position1.com 
 laura4position1.com 
Legal/Judicial Experience: Supreme Court Justice. Colleen Melody 
works every day to uphold the rule of law, improve access to justice, 
and protect the rights of Washingtonians.
Other Professional Experience: Colleen was a career civil rights 
lawyer and public servant. She taught at the University of Washington 
and brought pro bono cases on behalf of immigrants and veterans. 
She worked at a pizza shop in high school and waited tables through 
college.
Education: UW for college and law school, both with high honors.
Community Service: Colleen worked to improve access to services in 
her rural community, including better resources for seniors, increased 
healthcare services, and more aff  ordable childcare.
Statement: Colleen grew up in Spokane, the daughter of a teacher 
and a healthcare advocate. As a civil rights lawyer, she protected 
Washingtonians whose rights were violated by multinational 
corporations, special interests, and the federal government. Colleen 
returned millions in wages owed to workers and protected employees 
from pregnancy discrimination and sexual harassment. As the leader 
of the Attorney General’s Civil Rights Division, she beat the Trump 
Administration when it tried to impose its unconstitutional Muslim 
Ban and separate families at the border.
Now more than ever, state courts must safeguard our rights with 
independence and impartiality. Washington’s laws provide broad 
protections in privacy, the workplace, housing, healthcare, and 
education. State courts must be places where victims of crime and 
discrimination may seek justice with safety and dignity.
Colleen is a working mom who lives in rural Western Washington 
with her husband and two public-school daughters. She is endorsed 
by every sitting Supreme Court Justice; retired Justices Yu and 
Madsen; Governors Ferguson, Inslee, and Gregoire; Attorney General 
Brown; hundreds of judges and elected leaders statewide, and the 
Washington State Labor Council. 
Your rights matter. Justice Colleen Melody has worked her entire 
career to protect them.
 Judicial 
State Supreme Court 
Justice Position No. 1 
 Colleen 
Melody 
 (206) 745-2010 
 hello@melodyforjustice.com 
 melodyforjustice.com 