Jurisdiction
47
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 43
/circle_arrow_rightState Senator
 State 
 Legislative District No. 43 
 State Senator 
 Heather-Marie 
Wilson 
  (States No Party Preference)  
 (206) 251-8499 
 LetsSaveWashington2026@gmail.com     
Elected Experience: None.
Other Professional Experience: Senior Scientist, Sigma Genetics. 
Staff   Scientist, Hope Heart Matrix Biology Program, Benaroya 
Research Institute. Research Associate, Transplantation Biology, 
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. University of Washington: 
Volunteer Scientist, Institute for Stem Cell & Regenerative Medicine; 
Volunteer Consulting Scientist, Neurological Surgery; Acting Instructor, 
Cardiothoracic Surgery; Senior Fellow, Radiation Oncology; Graduate 
RA, Pathology. Undergrad RA, Biochemistry, University of Nevada 
Reno.
Education: 
PhD Pathology, University of Washington. BS Biochemistry, 
University of Nevada Reno.
Community Service: USSF referee (2015-present). Emerald City FC, 
Manager (2013-2017), Board Treasurer (2020-2022). Reviewer, PNWA 
Literary Contest (2011-2018). Founder/Leader, Active Adult Network, 
Arthritis Foundation (2004-2008). Board Member, Northwest Center 
Child Development (2003-2009).
Statement: Most human-made catastrophes start with good 
intentions and poor foresight. In my profession, I create solutions that 
will not trigger unintended lethal outcomes. Politicians should be just 
as cautious when making policies.
Recently added taxation on businesses and high wage earners is 
leading to layoff  s and an exodus of tax wealth, jobs, and services from 
our state, hurting the quality of life in our communities.  Our schools 
and public services lose valuable programs from lost state revenue 
and our arts and culture communities are made vulnerable due to 
decline in private philanthropy. We are already seeing shortfalls to 
local county and city budgets. Washington lost more than $500 million 
in adjusted gross income to out-migration between 2022 and 2023 
after the capital gains tax passed. Current business climate and future 
uncertainty is leading to further loss of local employment and decline 
in commercial tax revenues. As the state legislature looks to ﬁ  x budget 
shortfalls, they will target Washingtonians already struggling with 
existing taxes and inﬂ  ating costs for businesses, goods, groceries, and 
housing.
I approach challenges through data, discussion, and collaboration. I 
value community perspectives because they lead to better solutions. I 
will bring this problem-solving mindset to the State Senate.
Elected Experience: None.
Other Professional Experience: Communications Director, Working 
Washington, organizing alongside workers and unions to deliver 
higher wages and stronger labor protections for underpaid workers; 
Legislative Assistant and Communications Specialist, Washington 
State House of Representatives and Washington State Senate, 
supporting state lawmakers with research, strategy, and messaging 
on transformative policies like the Capital Gains Tax, Postpartum 
Medicaid expansion, Salary Transparency, and more.
Education: BA, Whitworth University (Political Science & Spanish, with 
Honors).
Community Service: Member, Pro-Choice Washington PAC Board and 
The Urbanist Elections Committee, working to advance reproductive 
justice, reliable transit, aff  ordable housing, and elect candidates up 
and down the ballot that will ﬁ  ght for working people.
Statement: 
Paying rent, buying a home, and raising a family should be 
aff  ordable. The reason they’re not is because of career politicians who 
protect the status quo and cut deals with corporate special interests 
that keep costs high. That’s why we’re the only campaign in this race 
not taking corporate PAC money. 
In the Washington State Legislature, I worked to expand healthcare 
access, invest in higher education, and tax the ultra-rich. At Working 
Washington, I fought alongside underpaid workers and took on 
big corporations to raise wages, strengthen labor standards, and 
ensure all workers have protections. I organized alongside grassroots 
workers’ rights, immigrants’ rights, and queer rights organizations to 
end corporate tax breaks and defend Washington from Trump. 
As your state senator, I’ll ﬁ  ght to ensure the ultra-wealthy pay their 
fair share for good schools, healthcare, and childcare; reduce rent and 
put homeownership within reach by building more housing; and build 
toward universal childcare—ultimately lowering costs and making 
Washington more aff  ordable for all of us. 
We’re endorsed by progressive champions and unions like State 
Representative Shaun Scott, Seattle City Councilmember Alexis 
Mercedes Rinck, State Senator Rebecca Saldaña, Seattle Port 
Commissioner Toshiko Hasegawa, AFT Washington, and Working 
Families Party. More at hannahforwashington.com.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 43 
 State Senator 
 Hannah 
Sabio-Howell 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (360) 602-2794 
 info@hannahforwashington.com 
 hannahforwashington.com 