80
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. City of Seattle
are available for City purposes for which the City’s regular levy may be 
applied.
Section 6. Library services. Levy investments will be made in ﬁ  ve 
categories of Library services. Program elements in subsections 6.A 
through 6.E of this ordinance are illustrative examples. In accordance 
with the annual City budget process, each year the Library Board shall 
adopt an annual operations plan and capital budget. The Executive 
Director and Chief Librarian and the Library Board shall submit to the 
Mayor and the City Council an annual levy expenditure plan that will 
support, maintain, and improve the core Library services identiﬁ ed in 
this section. Levy Proceeds will be used, in combination with the annual 
budget appropriation of City General Fund, Real Estate Excise Tax (REET), 
and other City funds as available to the Library, for Library services.
A. Operating hours and access. Major program elements include: 
supporting Library operating hours in neighborhood branches and the 
Central Library; providing access to Library programs and services in the 
community; supporting programming targeted towards children ages 
zero through 5; and outreach and engagement services throughout the 
city. 
B. Collections. Major program elements include: increasing the variety, 
depth, and accessibility of collections with new titles and additional 
copies in various physical and digital formats; providing additional online 
resources as new platforms and services emerge; curating a local history 
collection and making those resources more widely available through 
digitization; providing ﬁ  ne-free access to the Library’s collections; and 
continuing innovative approaches to collection distribution and to 
fulﬁ  lling patron material requests.
C. Technology. Major program elements include:
1. Replacing and upgrading the Library’s technology infrastructure, 
including maintaining its Integrated Library System, the Library’s main 
business platform for procuring, processing, and tracking Library 
materials;
2. Replacing and upgrading its enterprise network that provides 
high-speed internet and Wi-Fi access to the Central Library and all 26 
branches;
3. Replacing and upgrading its technology equipment such as switches, 
routers, servers, cabling, computers, tablets, printers, copiers, scanners 
and widescreen monitors, and other audiovisual equipment for newly 
emerging technologies; 
4. Maintaining and enhancing the SPL.org website and catalog, with 
a focus on language accessibility as well as device compatibility and 
compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act; and
5. Supporting the Library’s digital equity eff  orts, including digital literacy 
instruction and provision and support of internet access devices for use 
within Library buildings and for check-out.
D. Maintenance. Major program elements include: enhanced resources 
to provide routine, preventive, and major maintenance for the 
Library’s heavily-used buildings as they age, to prolong their useful life. 
Maintenance also includes funding to seismically retroﬁ  t one landmarked 
branch identiﬁ  ed as high-vulnerability in the City’s Unreinforced Masonry 
Building Study.
E. Administration. Major program elements include: supporting 
implementation and accountability measures for Levy programs and 
annual reporting to the City and public on Levy outcomes.
Section 7. Reporting. The Executive Director and Chief Librarian and the 
Library Board shall submit to the City Council and the Mayor an annual 
progress report from 2028 to 2034 on levy spending and program 
delivery of the Library services identiﬁ  ed in Section 6 of this ordinance. 
The report shall be due to the City Council and the Mayor by no later 
than April 15 each year.
Section 8. Election – Ballot title. The City Council directs that the City 
Clerk ﬁ  le this ordinance with the Director of Elections of King County, 
Washington, as ex offi   cio supervisor of elections, requesting that the 
Director of Elections call and conduct a special election in the City in 
conjunction with the primary election to be held on August 4, 2026, 
for the purpose of submitting to the qualiﬁ  ed electors of the City the 
proposition set forth in this ordinance. The City Clerk is directed to certify 
to the King County Director of Elections the ballot title approved by 
the City Attorney in accordance with the City Attorney’s responsibilities 
under RCW 29A.36.071. The following ballot title is submitted to the City 
Attorney for consideration:
THE CITY OF SEATTLE
PROPOSITION NO. 1
Property Tax Levy for The Seattle Public Library
The Seattle City Council adopted Ordinance No. XXXXXX concerning 
replacing an expiring levy to fund library services.
The City of Seattle’s Proposition 1 would replace an expiring levy, 
funding investments in Library operating hours and access, collections, 
technology, maintenance and administration, as provided in Ordinance 
XXXXXX.
It authorizes a seven-year levy for collection beginning in 2027 of an 
additional $0.23/$1,000 of assessed value, for a maximum total levy rate 
of $3.14/$1,000. 2027’s levy amount will be the base for subsequent 
levies through 2033. RCW 84.36.381’s senior citizens and disabled 
persons exemption applies.
Should this levy be approved?
Yes
No
Section 9. Section titles. Section titles are for convenient reference only 
and do not modify or limit the text of a section.
Section 10. Severability. The provisions of this ordinance are declared 
to be separate and severable. The invalidity of any clause, sentence, 
paragraph, subdivision, section, or portion of this ordinance, or the 
invalidity of its application to any person or circumstance, does not 
aff  ect the validity of the remainder of this ordinance or the validity of its 
application to other persons or circumstances, including the validity of 
authorizing additional taxes by levy.
Section 11. Any act consistent with the authority of this ordinance taken 
after its passage and prior to its eff  ective date is ratiﬁ  ed and conﬁ  rmed. 
Section 12. Those portions of this ordinance providing for the submission 
of a ballot proposition to the voters shall take eff  ect and be in force 30 
days after its approval by the Mayor, but if not approved and returned 
by the Mayor within ten days after presentation, it shall take eff ect as 
provided by Seattle Municipal Code Sections 1.04.020 and 1.04.070. 
Those portions of this ordinance that are dependent upon voter 
approval of said ballot proposition shall take eff  ect in accordance with 
applicable law.
Full text of Ordinance No. 127419 