Jurisdiction
75
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.City of Seattle
Municipal Court Judge Position No. 5
Education: JD, UCLA School of Law, BA, Emory University
Occupation: Public Defender, Judge Pro tempore
Statement: For more than twenty years, Gabe Rothstein has 
advocated for poor and underserved communities. People who often 
feel unheard. Before becoming a Public Defender, Gabe volunteered 
with the Housing Justice Project and the Unemployment Law Project, 
helping Seattle residents facing eviction and protecting workers’ rights 
to unemployment beneﬁ  ts. 
In 2005, Gabe became a Public Defender, a job he continues to 
hold with pride. He has represented thousands of people, many of 
whom  were both survivors of abuse and individuals caught in the 
criminal legal system. He has tried more than seventy cases to verdict. 
This work taught Gabe that too many people leave court feeling 
unheard. He is running for Judge to change that. Every person who 
enters the court room - victims, defendants, and those who cannot 
aff  ord an attorney - deserves dignity, respect, and fairness. Seattle 
Municipal Court is the people’s court, and everyone deserves to be 
listened to and heard. 
Public Defense is Gabe’s full-time work, but he also serves as a Pro-
Tem Judge in municipal and district courts throughout Washington. 
He chairs the Washington State Bar Association Character and Fitness 
Board, which evaluates applicants seeking admission to the practice of 
law. On evenings and weekends, he takes calls from the Youth Access 
to Counsel Line, ensuring that young people can speak with a lawyer 
before being questioned by police. He also serves on the board of the 
Holman Recovery Center an in-patient substance abuse treatment 
facility.
Gabe believes in treatment, accountability, recovery, redemption, and 
second chances.
Endorsements: King County Democrats, 32nd and 46th District 
Democrats, SEIU 925 Public Defense Chapter, Seattle Municipal Court 
Judges Vaddadi and Shadid, Appellate Court Judges Smith, Coburn, 
and Bowman, King Superior Court Judges Sutton, Robertson, McKee, 
and dozens of other judges, attorneys, and community leaders. Gabe 
hopes to earn your vote.
 Cities 
 City of Seattle 
 Municipal Court Judge Position No. 5 
 Gabe 
Rothstein 
  
    
 (201) 877-1869 
 gabrielrothstein1975@yahoo.com 
 www.gabeforjudge.com 
Did you
know?
Offi   cial King County Elections ballot drop 
boxes are the best way to return your ballot 
directly to Elections Headquarters. Offi   cial 
ballot drop boxes are safe, convenient, and 
open until the last minute! Ballots returned 
at a ballot drop box on Election Day are 
guaranteed to be considered on time if 
placed in a box before 8:00 p.m.
 tamper-proof
 1000 pounds each
 bolted into concrete
 ﬁ  restops inside
 multiple locking 
mechanisms
 tamper-evident seals
A school bus 
once hit one of 
our offi   cial ballot 
drop boxes!
The drop box was ﬁ  ne, but 
as our Elections Director said, 
“the school bus, not so much.”