68
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. State Supreme Court
/circle_arrow_rightJustice Position No. 7
Legal/Judicial Experience: Current Chief Justice and Justice since 2008. 
Court of Appeals Judge, Eastern Washington (2007). Appellate Attorney 
& adjunct professor, Gonzaga University (1993-2007).
Other Professional Experience: Board for Judicial Administration Co-
Chair, National Association of Women Judges, Judicial Independence 
Committee Co-Chair, Chief Justices Conference Executive Committee, 
National Courts & Sciences Institute Director, National Judicial College 
Instructor, WA Civic Learning Council, former Spokane Community 
College instructor.
Education: Gonzaga University, J.D., B.A. West Valley High, Spokane.
Community Service: Former school board chair, Upward Bound 
mentor, Minority & Justice Commission, YMCA Youth & Government, 
Sacred Heart Children’s Hospital, Habitat for Humanity, Past Rotary 
President, Washington Center for Performing Arts board member.
Statement: 
As Washington’s Chief Justice, I am dedicated to upholding 
the rule of law and delivering fair and impartial justice. Courts are a 
critical branch of government, where every person must be treated 
fairly and with dignity, and decisions must be based on the law and 
the facts.  In an era of growing attempts to politicize the judiciary, I 
work every day to maintain the integrity and independence of our 
courts and safeguard access to justice for every person.  
As a former constitutional law professor, I respect legal traditions and 
constitutional principles. As a parent and former school board chair, 
I understand how court decisions impact the lives of Washington 
families. As the ﬁ  rst woman from Eastern Washington on the Court, I 
know that lived experience and diverse perspectives matter in making 
sound decisions.
I have a proven record of expanding access to justice, improving 
effi   ciency and transparency, addressing the evolving challenges 
facing our legal system, and protecting individual rights. I have always 
enjoyed broad support and am endorsed by my current and former 
colleagues, judges statewide, WA State Labor Council, elected offi  cials, 
and education and community leaders. I ask for your vote to continue 
serving you on our Supreme Court.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 7 
 Debra L. 
Stephens 
  
    
 (206) 382-5552 
 debra@debrastephenslaw.com 
 justicestephens.com 
Legal/Judicial Experience: Legal: For eleven years I have been 
practicing administrative, civil litigation, personal injury, collections, 
family law, estate planning, probate, and taxation. Judicial: None - the 
same as many lawyers have when they take to the bench.
Other Professional Experience: I have my own practice. Veteran. 
Education: MBA, City University of Seattle; JD and LL.M. in Taxation, 
Thomas M. Cooley Law School; and LL.M. in Global Law and 
Economics, Antonin Scalia Law School.
Community Service: I volunteer as Tacoma Eagles president and 
serve meals for Catholic Community Services and a local synagogue. I 
have provided pro bono legal advice to low-income residents, seniors, 
teamsters, veterans, and nonproﬁ  ts.
Statement: Hello—I’m back. I’m thee family lawyer from Sumner, 
Washington, who drew national political attention in 2024 by running 
for Supreme Court Justice. Thank you to the 59,676 Washington voters 
who supported me in 2024—I’m grateful.
I’m not promising a tariff   stimulus rebate check (I’ll watch for a 
meteorite to hit Mt. Rainier ﬁ  rst), but I will promise to stand with 
American small businesses and workers, and I will protect the 
rights and freedoms of every citizen—young or old, rich or poor. I 
oppose a state income tax and won’t be soft on criminals. I will pursue 
practical economic solutions to ease the heavy caseloads facing our 
prosecutors and public defenders.
I live with a mild form of Parkinson’s that aff  ects me physically, and 
I occasionally have symptoms even while medicated (off   days). I 
have learned to judge no one by gender, skin color, language, health 
condition, or religion. I approach every decision with respect, fairness, 
and impartiality—guided by sound judgment and common sense.
Above all, I won’t let the “exception” become the new “rule.” We’re in 
this together. Thank you.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 7 
 David R 
Shelvey 
  
    
 (253) 250-1675 
 david@davidshelvey.com 
 www.davidshelvey.com 