Jurisdiction
77
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.City of Seattle
Statement in favor Statement in opposition
Katie B. Wilson, Joy Hollingsworth, Ken Jennings
There is no statement against this measure. 
No one in the jurisdiction contacted King 
County Elections to serve on the committee to 
write a statement against the measure.
Jurisdictions that place measures on the ballot 
also appoint members of the public to “pro” 
and “con” committees. These committees 
prepare statements either for or against 
the ballot measure. These statements are 
published in the local voters’ pamphlet to help 
voters make informed decisions.
If the jurisdiction is unable to appoint a 
committee, King County Elections can appoint 
any eligible committee members who come 
forward. To join a committee in the future, 
please contact the jurisdiction.
Seattle’s public libraries are treasured 
neighborhood resources open to everyone 
in our growing, diverse city. The Library Levy 
provides more than one third of total library 
funding, protecting and expanding programs 
and collections, ensuring skilled staffi   ng, and 
investing in building upgrades for seismic 
safety, accessibility, and energy effi   ciency 
citywide – including at the iconic Central 
Library. 
Amid increased federal threats to education 
and knowledge, Seattle’s libraries are critical to 
ﬁ  ghting censorship and misinformation. Seattle 
libraries are committed to free and equal 
access to information for everyone. 
The 2026 Levy will help expand popular 
collections and meet the rising costs of e-books 
and other materials. This measure expands 
learning programs that inspire a lifelong love of 
reading and serve people of all ages, including 
English learners, job seekers, and people 
without access to technology.
This measure replaces the expiring 2019 
Levy and will cost the average homeowner 
an additional $9 per month. Funds are 
independently overseen and audited, with tax 
exemptions available for seniors and people 
with disabilities. Endorsed by The Seattle Public 
Library Foundation, Friends of SPL, AFSCME 
2083 Library Employees Union, the Mayor and 
Councilmembers, and more. Please join your 
neighbors in voting Yes for our libraries!