66
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. State Supreme Court
/circle_arrow_rightJustice Position No. 5
Legal/Judicial Experience: Current Supreme Court Justice appointed 
by Governor Ferguson following a diverse, award-winning 26-year 
legal career as a Partner at K&L Gates.
Other Professional Experience: Throughout career, led Appellate 
and Intellectual Property teams, and pro bono cases representing 
immigrant children, veterans, refugees, small businesses, and people 
experiencing homelessness. 
Education: BA, Claremont McKenna College; MA, Oxford University; 
MA, London School of Economics; JD, Yale University 
Community Service: Trustee, King County Bar Association; President, 
Middle Eastern Legal Association of Washington; Member, Attorney 
General’s Youth Internet Safety Task Force; Founders Award, Kids in 
Need of Defense; ACLU Humanitarian Award; Mentor of the Year, King 
County Bar Association 
Statement: As a Justice and throughout my legal career, I’ve fought for 
the rule of law, the rights of all individuals, and to ensure our courts 
remain fair, independent, and accessible. Before joining the Supreme 
Court, I frequently volunteered to help people who couldn’t aff  ord 
lawyers. I sued the federal government when they forced children—as 
young as 4 years old—to appear without lawyers in immigration court. 
The federal government eventually agreed to pay for lawyers, and the 
ACLU gave me the Humanitarian Award.
I also represented an Army veteran, a naturalized U.S. citizen, after ICE 
wrongly detained him for seven months. The Northwest Immigrant 
Rights Project gave me the Amicus Award for my “groundbreaking 
work”.
I’ve worked to mentor attorneys to expand diversity in our profession, 
and with Turkish and Greek ancestry, I am proud to be the ﬁ  rst Justice 
of Middle Eastern descent on our highest court.  
I am endorsed by all of my colleagues on the Supreme Court; 
Governors Ferguson and Gregoire; former U.S. Attorneys Durkan, 
Gorman, and McKay; over 500 Judges and attorneys statewide; 52 
State Legislators; Executive Zahilay; mayors statewide; WA State Labor 
Council; King County and numerous LD Democrats; and more!  
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 5 
 Theo 
Angelis 
  
    
    
 info@justiceangelis.com 
www.justiceangelis.com
Legal/Judicial Experience: Partner and Appellate Group Co-Founder, 
Carney Badley Spellman (2008–present). Previously: Private Practice; 
Judge Pro Tem, Seattle Municipal Court; Judicial Law Clerk, Washington 
Court of Appeals; Municipal Prosecutor. 
Other Professional Experience: Martindale-Hubbell: AV Preeminent 
peer-review rating for highest level of professional excellence; Top 
Rated Lawyer in Appellate Law, 2013.
Education: Harvard University, B.A., Northeastern University, J.D.
Community Service: King County Bar Judicial Evaluation Committee, 
20+ years (Chair, 1999–2000).  Founding member, Washington 
Appellate Lawyers Association (2001).  Co-founder, KCBA Appellate 
Practice Section (2005).  KCBA Trustee. KCBA Rev. Dr. Martin Luther 
King Luncheon Committee.  Scouting: Pack 144; Troop 166. Youth 
soccer: coach and disciplinary committee chair.  St. James Cathedral 
Choir.
Statement: As an attorney with 40 years of experience doing appeals 
in Washington, I’m running to serve on the Supreme Court to help it 
do justice in each case: fairly, impartially, according to law.  
Appeals safeguard the fundamental fairness of our courts. They are 
usually the only way to correct a court’s error. That’s why experience 
matters on the Supreme Court: it needs to “get it right.” 
I have worked on 135 appeals in courts across Washington — 
including the Supreme Court. I’ve helped courts get decisions right 
for clients of all backgrounds: students, small business owners, house 
cleaners, physicians, employees, deputies, families. I’ve won unpaid 
wages, defended protection orders, and ensured fairness in family 
disputes, health care, business deals, and trial procedures. The other 
candidates have little or no experience on appeals, or cases before the 
Supreme Court. You need not settle for that. 
My experience goes beyond the courtroom. I worked to improve 
health care in jails across Washington. I served as non-partisan 
counsel in the State Legislature. I’ve promoted excellence and ethics 
in the legal profession.  I’m fair, independent, trusted. I ask you to 
send my experience and belief in justice under the law to the Supreme 
Court.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 5 
 Greg 
Miller 
  
    
 (206) 756-5040 
 millerforjustice@gmail.com 
 millerforjustice.org 