64
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. State Supreme Court
Justice Position No. 3Justice Position No. 1
Legal/Judicial Experience: Judge Jaime Hawk has been a state and 
national legal leader for over 20 years. As a Superior Court Judge, 
federal public defender, and ACLU civil rights attorney, she has 
protected our rights and freedoms.
Other Professional Experience: Adjunct Professor of Law. Supreme 
Court Minority and Justice Commission. In work before law school, 
Judge Hawk supported domestic violence survivors and found them 
safe shelter. 
Education: Raised by a single mom, Judge Hawk was the ﬁ  rst in 
her family to attend college, graduating with honors from Gonzaga 
University Law School. 
Community Service: Judge Hawk has advocated on boards for 
immigrant children, voting rights, veterans, and women’s rights.  
Statement: Judge Hawk fought in the courtroom for those who 
could not aff  ord a lawyer. She handled trials and appeals, and 
defended Washingtonians against the federal government. She is 
the ﬁ  rst attorney with the ACLU of Washington to become a judge. 
Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal and Governor Bob Ferguson endorse 
Judge Hawk.
Judge Hawk is a trusted, experienced legal leader. Senators 
Murray and Cantwell appointed her to their federal judge selection 
committee. The American Bar Association selected her to observe 
Guantanamo Bay military hearings, and later chose her to assist 
families at the border torn apart by Trump-era immigration policies. 
Judge Hawk has presided over hundreds of criminal, civil, and family 
law cases, as well as appeals from lower courts. She has never had 
a trial overturned for legal error. She follows the law. More than 
100 current and retired judges and justices from across Washington 
endorse Judge Hawk. 
Judge Hawk will bring a strong, independent voice. Endorsed by the 
National Women’s Political Caucus, local and county Democratic 
organizations, and the State Labor Council, she understands 
the concerns of women and working families and will bring that 
perspective to the Court. Judge Hawk will protect our rights and the 
rule of law.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 3 
 Jaime Michelle 
Hawk 
  
    
 (206) 486-2959 
 info@judgehawk.com 
 www.judgehawk.com 
Legal/Judicial Experience: Ballard Spahr/Lane Powell (2010-present) 
(Practice Chair 2010-2024) (Board 2017-2019, 2023-24); Perkins Coie 
(1999-2010); Bogle & Gates (1996-1999).  Signiﬁ  cant experience before 
Washington courts on constitutional and other complex issues; 
Ranked as among the top in my ﬁ  eld: Super Lawyers, Best Lawyers in 
America, and Chambers.
Other Professional Experience: Adjunct Professor, University of 
Washington School of Law (2002-present); Washington State Bar 
Association; American Bar Association; Council on State Taxation.
Education: University of Washington School of Law (with Honors) 
1991; Princeton University (magna cum laude) 1988, Economics - Paul 
Volcker Award recipient.
Community Service: American Red Cross; St. Cecilia Parish; Scouting 
America; Bainbridge Island Youth Orchestra; Kids in Concert.
Statement: 
I am running to bring independence, principled judgment, 
and respect for the rule of law to the Washington Supreme Court.  An 
independent court protects constitutional rights, ensures equal 
justice, and serves as a ﬁ  nal and balanced check within our system 
of government.  The role of the Supreme Court is to apply the 
constitution and laws as written, not rewrite them.  
For more than 30 years I have represented clients at all levels of 
Washington’s court system, including more than a dozen Washington 
Supreme Court cases. As a tax and constitutional attorney, I work 
on complex issues that directly aff  ect Washington families and 
businesses.  I have also taught at the University of Washington School 
of Law for over 20 years. 
I learned the value of hard work, integrity, and public service early, 
working at my grandparents’ restaurant and watching my father serve 
as Alaska’s attorney general.  Washington deserves justices who will 
apply the law predictably, as written, and without favoring any political 
agenda. My commitment is to protect your constitutional rights and 
work to make the Washington Supreme Court accountable and worthy 
of your trust.
Take politics out of the courtroom.  Vote Scott Edwards, Position 1.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 1 
 Scott 
Edwards 
      
 (206) 201-1108 
 info@votescottedwards.com 
 votescottedwards.com 
/circle_arrow_right