42
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 36
State Senator
 State 
 Legislative District No. 36 
 State Senator 
 Jillian 
England 
  (Prefers Republican Party)  
(206) 902-7027
Info@JillianEngland.com
 www.JillianEngland.com 
Elected Experience: Elected Precinct Committee Offi   cer since 2007; 
Vice Chair, 36th Legislative District Republican Party
Other Professional Experience: Extensive career in computer 
science and health care business operations, focusing on data-driven 
problem-solving and cost-effi   ciency.
Education: B.S. in Computer Science and Business, University of Puget 
Sound
Community Service: 
Active member, Missouri Synod Lutheran Church 
since 2006.
Statement: I’m Jillian England, running for State Senate in LD 36 to 
restore ﬁ  scal sanity and constitutional government in Olympia.
Years of one-party rule have driven residents and employers out 
of Seattle with excessive taxes and heavy regulations. Our state 
continues to ignore the most burdensome parts of our tax code — 
the high sales tax and the cascading Business & Occupation (B&O) 
tax — while pursuing a 9.9% “Millionaires Tax” that opens the door to 
broader income taxation on working families. Repealing these taxes is 
my top priority.
I will also work to repeal the costly Climate Commitment Act, which 
has added 50–65 cents per gallon to gas and increased home energy 
bills for Seattle households and small businesses. I support an all-of-
the-above energy strategy—accelerating nuclear power, expanding 
natural gas, and preserving reliable baseload sources—to keep 
electricity aff  ordable and protect jobs.
On homelessness and education, I demand accountability. We 
must replace failed approaches with practical solutions that clear 
encampments, restore public safety in our neighborhoods, and 
ensure our schools educate students rather than indoctrinate them. 
I will ﬁ  ght to cut taxes and reduce the regulatory burden pushing 
families and jobs out of Washington.
Elected Experience: State Senator, 2023-present; State 
Representative, 2016-2023; Vice Chair of Finance, Ways & Means 
Committee; Vice Chair, Human Service Committee; Member, 
Juvenile Justice Partnership Council; Past Co-Chair, Children & Youth 
Behavioral Health Work Group. 
Other Professional Experience: Managing Partner/Small Business 
Owner, Uncommon Bridges (2016-present); housing provider 
(2025-present); non-proﬁ  t director (2010-2015); management & 
communications consultant (2005-2010)
Education: Bachelor’s in Political Communication, Master’s in Political 
Management, George Washington University, Washington, DC
Community Service: Current member of local elementary school 
Parent Teacher Association (PTA), and past PTA member at Ballard 
and Garﬁ  eld High Schools, and Hamilton International Middle School 
while a foster parent/caregiver to extended family (parts of 2005-
2015).
Statement: It has been a privilege to represent the people of the 
36th District for the past 10 years. I’ve been honored 15 times for 
my advocacy for individuals with developmental disabilities and 
behavioral health challenges, and youth involved in the foster 
care and juvenile criminal legal systems, as well as for my work on 
aff  ordable housing, economic development and rebalancing the 
state’s regressive tax code. I would be honored to earn your vote.
The aff  ordability crisis is hitting our district hard and is being 
exacerbated by the reckless actions of the Trump Administration. 
As a tax policy leader, I helped pass the Millionaires Tax to fund our 
public schools, healthcare, human services and early learning, as well 
as key aff  ordability policies like expanding the working families tax 
credit (460,000 new households) and senior property tax exemption 
program (50,000 new households), establishing a low-income energy 
assistance program, historic investments in aff  ordable housing, 
and exempting key household items from sales tax. If given the 
opportunity to continue to serve, I’ll ﬁ  ght every day for the working 
people of our community.
I am proud to be endorsed by 36th District Democrats, Working 
Families Party, Washington State Labor Council AFL-CIO, and 
Washington Conservation Action.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 36 
 State Senator 
 Noel C. 
Frame 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 701-0344 
 campaign@noelframe.com 
 www.noelframe.com 