Jurisdiction
25
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 1
/circle_arrow_rightState Representative Position No. 2
Elected Experience: State Representative; Vice-Chair of Technology, 
Economic Development, and Veterans Committee; member of 
Consumer Protection and Business and Environment and Energy 
Committees; Ex-Offi   cio member of WA State Gambling Commission; 
National Conference of State Legislatures Artiﬁ  cial Intelligence, 
Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Task Force; founder of House 
Technology caucus. Previously: Problem Gambling Task Force, City of 
Kirkland Councilmember 2013-2016
Other Professional Experience: 
Licensed health care provider for over 
20 years 
Education: B.S. Kinesiology, University of Illinois; Certiﬁ  cate of Energy 
Policy Planning, University of Idaho; Seattle Massage School
Community Service: Currently: Kirkland Kiwanis Club. Previously: 
Lake Washington Schools Foundation Trustee, Kirkland Park Board 
Member, WA State PTA Legislative Director
Statement: It’s been an honor to represent you in Olympia since 
2017.  I have fought to improve data privacy, reign in data brokers, 
and diminish the harms of AI on consumers’ lives.  With your vote, 
I’ll continue working to improve transportation infrastructure, ﬁ x 
our regressive tax code, create green jobs, cut costs for working 
families, fully fund education, increase access to behavioral health 
care, and protect civil rights. Together, we can create security, 
opportunity, and justice for all.
Endorsements: Snohomish County Democrats, Sierra Club, 
Washington State Labor Council, Washington Education Association 
PAC, Washington Alliance for Gun Responsibility, Planned Parenthood 
Alliance Advocates
 State 
 Legislative District No. 1 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Shelley 
Kloba 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
    
 (425) 823-9732
info@votekloba.com 
 www.votekloba.com 
Elected Experience: Proudly unaffi   liated with the political 
establishment. Ran for Woodinville City Council in 2025.
Other Professional Experience: Disabled U.S. Navy veteran, former 
Sheriff  ’s Deputy, and cybersecurity engineering manager.
Education: Bachelor’s degree, The College of William and Mary (2005). 
Master’s degree, American Military University (2016).
Community Service: As a Woodinville City Council candidate and 
community organizer, I’ve fought corruption, unethical behavior, 
and overreach. I speak at city council meetings and march with small 
business owners. In 2025, I led a campaign to increase voter turnout 
to its highest in eight years. These experiences strengthened my 
commitment to working for Washingtonians and ﬁ  ghting a two-party 
system that fails residents.
Statement: I’m running to eliminate state taxes for most families 
earning under $125,000, permanently fund our public schools, and 
make higher education aff  ordable for students entering high-paying 
ﬁ  elds in our state. Any new income tax must receive direct voter 
approval, completely eliminate regressive taxes, and guarantee full 
school funding. I will restore local control by eliminating regulations 
that drive up housing costs and that prevent cities from managing 
their own character and environmental protection. I will work across 
party lines for a government that serves all residents eff  ectively 
without favoring partisan agendas or picking winners and losers.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 1 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Jeﬀ   
Lyon 
  
(Prefers Libertarian Party)  
 (425) 681-3143 
 jeff  @lyon.vote 
 lyon.vote 