40
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 34
State Senator State Representative Position No. 1
Elected Experience: Proudly serving as your State Representative 
since 2025.
Other Professional Experience: Currently serving as Senior Policy 
Advisor for Seattle’s Human Services Department. Previously served as 
Chief of Staff   for City Council President, Mayor’s Offi   ce Labor Liaison, 
and Campaign Director for multiple progressive initiatives/candidates.
Education: University of Washington, BA in Political Science 2010
Community Service: Seasoned track record of results working for our 
community. Managed SeaTac’s $15 minimum wage campaign in 2013, 
ﬁ  rst in the country to pass on the ballot. Led Seattle’s Honest Elections 
initiative, which established the city’s democracy voucher program 
and served as Field Director for the Washington Low Income Housing 
Alliance Action Fund.
Statement: My life’s work is about building a better and more just 
world, and that drives the legislation I have sponsored and passed. 
This biennium, I contributed to passing the Millionaires Tax, delivering 
long awaited tax reform to beneﬁ  t working Washingtonians. I passed 
bills to guarantee meal and rest breaks for healthcare workers, give 
domestic workers the protections they’ve long deserved, keep transit 
moving, and ensure employees’ privacy and bodily autonomy. I’m 
honored to continue ﬁ  ghting for you and the Fighting 34th! 
Endorsements: 34thLD Democrats, WA State Labor Council, AG Nick 
Brown, County Councilmember Teresa Mosqueda, UFCW, WFSE/
AFSCME and many more.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 34 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Brianna K. 
Thomas 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 321-9890 
 brianna4the34th@gmail.com 
 Briannathomas.org 
Elected Experience: State Senator (2025-2026); State Representative 
(2023-2025)
Other Professional Experience: Non-proﬁ  t leader building quality 
aff  ordable housing and childcare; former Seattle Offi   ce of Housing 
Director investing $290 million to prevent displacement, support 
climate resilience, build supportive housing to address homelessness, 
protect renters, and expand homeownership; award-winning Planned 
Parenthood organizer; Attorney
Education: BA, Scripps College (summa cum laude); JD, University of 
Washington School of Law (Gates Public Service Law Scholar)
Community Service: 
Former Board Member, Washington Low Income 
Housing Alliance; former member, Seattle Women’s Commission; 
former Volunteer Attorney, Latino Bar Association of Washington 
Community Legal Clinic; PTA parent of two Seattle Public School 
students
Statement: It’s a privilege to represent you in the State Senate. As a 
lifelong advocate for aff  ordable housing and economic opportunity, I 
bring deep experience and a proven track record of delivering results. 
As your Senator, I’ve moved us forward on what matters: high-quality 
public schools, aff  ordable housing, and access to childcare and 
healthcare. I’m proud to have championed policies that address the 
high cost of living by passing historic tax reform to fund schools and 
services, tax relief for working families and small businesses, and 
protections for renters, workers, and consumers.
I will continue to push for a fair economy with good-paying jobs 
and reforms that make homeownership, healthcare, childcare, and 
groceries more aff  ordable. I’ll ﬁ  ght to improve educational outcomes 
for kids and strengthen the social safety net for youth and seniors. 
We all deserve reliable public services, and I’ll keep advocating for the 
investments needed to make our communities healthy and safe.
You can count on me to stand up for our democracy and civil rights, 
for reproductive freedom, common sense gun reform, and climate 
action. I’m committed to making government work for people—not 
special interests. I’d be honored to earn your continued support.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 34 
 State Senator 
 Emily 
Alvarado 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 745-2010 
 emily@emilyalvarado.com 
 emilyalvarado.com 