70
Have you used your Democracy Vouchers?
King County Assessor’s Oﬃ   ce Tax Transparency Tool
What is the Democracy Voucher Program?
In 2026, District 5 Seattle residents receive two $50 Democracy Vouchers 
they may donate to candidates running in the Seattle District 5 Special 
Election.
Which Candidates can I give my Democracy Vouchers to?
Candidates running for Seattle City Council Position 5 are eligible for Democracy Voucher 
funding. Check to make sure the candidate you like is using Democracy Vouchers. Find the list of 
participating candidates at seattle.gov/democracyvoucher or call (206) 727-8855.
When should I use my Democracy Vouchers?
You can use your Democracy Vouchers from the time you receive them through November 30, 
2026. However, candidates can only receive a limited number of vouchers. The longer you wait to 
use your vouchers, the more likely your candidates will have reached their voucher limits.
I lost my Democracy Vouchers. Can I request new vouchers?
Yes! You can request new Democracy Vouchers by completing the online form on the website, 
e-mailing democracyvoucher@seattle.gov, or by calling (206) 727-8855.
If I use my Democracy Vouchers, is that information made public?
Yes, contributions to campaigns, including Democracy Vouchers, are public information. This 
means your name (and possibly your address), who you contributed to, and the amount will be 
posted online.
Contact Us!
seattle.gov/democracyvoucher 
democracyvoucher@seattle.gov 
(206) 727-8855
To see how a proposed Seattle or King County levy on the ballot will aff ect your property tax, or 
possibly your rent, go to https://localscape.spatialest.com/#kingcountyassessor/My-Property
Enter your residence address and click on the tab to View Proposed Taxes.
Because rent is based on multiple factors, a change in property tax may or may not aff ect a tenant’s 
rent. The tool shows tenants how a property tax might be spread across units in a rental property.
Seatt  le/King County 
VIDEO VOTERS’ GUIDE
Proponents and opponents of countywide and Seatt  le ballot measures and all King 
County countywide, Metropolitan King County Council, Port of Seatt  le, City of Seatt  le, 
and Seatt  le School Board candidates are invited to record a two-minute video 
explaining who they are and why they’re running.
The non-parti  san Video Voters’ Guide is a collaborati  on of Seatt  le Ethics and 
Electi  ons Commission, King County TV, and Seatt  le Channel.
seatt  lechannel.org/electi  ons
Hear directly from the candidates!
Statements are up to two minutes & unedited
Candidates appear in the same order as the ballot