54
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 46
State Representative Position No. 2
Elected Experience: None
Other Professional Experience: 35-years Lake Washington Education 
Association. 2-time State WEA Representative.Past two term President 
of the PNBOA Offi   cials Association.  Current secretary and a record 
of 25 years of board service.President of the Paciﬁ  c Northwest 
Water Ski Association and Lake Washington Ski Club. Past President 
LakeSammamish Water Ski Club Contributor to Seattle Uber’s 
“Traffi   cking” committee 
Education: 
Seattle Central Community College; Seattle Paciﬁ  c College; 
University of Washington 
Community Service: Volunteer -Husky Football Basketball ﬁ  rst aid 
unit.  Current First Aid/CPR/AED instructor.  Veteran driver for Seattle 
Seafair Scholarship Program.  Coordinator for the inner city youth 
water ski program. Coordinator for  “Seattle Night Out” in my  UDistrict 
Neighborhood
Statement: I’m running as an independent because Olympia needs 
a culture change. Too many elected offi   cials fall in line with party 
leadership instead of focusing on the people they serve. I know 
this will be a steep climb as a ﬁ  rst-time candidate, but I’m ready 
to do the work. My priorities are Washington State citizenship 
for undocumented residents, a three-year college path, ﬁ  scal 
accountability, and a government that listens to citizens before 
it spends their money. Voters deserve practical solutions, honest 
debate, and representatives who aren’t controlled by party politics. 
Visit my website for more details about my positions.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 46 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Rodney ‘Star’ 
Thornley 
  
(Prefers Independent Party)  
 (206) 561-1771 
 star1398105@yahoo.com 
 rthornley.com 
Elected Experience: Darya Farivar is a Washington State 
Representative for the 46th LD and the ﬁ  rst Middle Eastern woman 
elected to the Washington State Legislature.
Other Professional Experience: Darya serves as an ADA & Disability 
Equity Specialist with the King County Executive’s Offi   ce, where she 
works to expand accessibility, equity, and inclusion for vulnerable 
communities.
Education: B.A., University of Redlands.
Community Service: Seattle Women’s Commission Co-Chair; State 
Special Education Advisory Council Policy Chair; Peyvand Board 
Member; Washington Coalition for Police Accountability Board 
Member; recognized as the Disability Community Champion by the 
Community Employment Alliance and SEIU 775 legislator of the year.
Statement: I believe government works best when leaders listen 
to people, identify problems, and deliver real solutions. When Lake 
City lost a major grocery store, we saw how corporate loopholes 
could leave neighborhoods without access to food and pharmacies. 
That’s why I passed legislation preventing stores from blocking new 
grocers and pharmacies. When families struggled to access care, 
and caregivers faced barriers to employment, I passed legislation 
expanding the caregiver workforce. That’s the kind of practical, 
solutions-focused leadership I bring to Olympia every day.
Endorsements: 46th District Dems, Pro-Choice Washington, 
Washington State Labor Council, Attorney General Brown, and 
Congresswoman Jayapal.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 46 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Darya 
Farivar 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
    
 info@daryaforhouse.com 
 daryaforhouse.com 