74
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_rightMunicipal Court Judge Position No. 5
Education: BA Political Science, Morehouse College; JD George 
Washington University Law School
Occupation: Seattle Municipal Court Pro Tem Judge; former Burien 
City Attorney
Statement: Seattle Municipal Court needs judges with broad 
experience, sound judgment, and a deep commitment to access, 
fairness, and dignity. I am grateful to be endorsed by Judge Willie 
Gregory to succeed him to Position 5. With your vote, I will bring 
diverse professional and lived experience to the bench. I am 
committed to advancing restorative justice and delivering fair, 
practical, and equitable outcomes that build trust and safety.
For over 30 years, I have served the public in criminal and civil law—
as a felony and misdemeanor prosecutor, municipal attorney, civil 
litigator, member of the King County Ethics Board, and Judge Pro Tem. 
I understand the real-world consequences when poor, marginalized, 
and underrepresented communities lack meaningful access to legal 
services, treatment, and support. I am an advocate for diversion 
programs that are evidence-based, eff  ective, and accountable, and I 
believe courts should work collaboratively with community partners 
to help break cycles of violence, addiction, and repeated system 
involvement.
As the son of a ﬁ  rst-generation immigrant mother in Detroit, I 
learned the value of hard work, integrity, and public service. I have 
carried those values throughout my legal career, and through youth 
mentorship, volunteerism, community service, coaching, and advocacy 
against injustice. I became a lawyer to ﬁ  ght inequities, uphold fairness, 
and make the justice system work for everyone. 
Because of my experience, compassion, and commitment to justice, 
I am thankful to be endorsed by retired Justice Mary Yu, the 32nd 
Legislative District Democrats, and more King County and Seattle 
Municipal Court judges than any candidate in this race, including 
Judges Chess, Shah, Gipe, York, Poydras, and retired Judges 
McCullough, Kondo, and McKenna. 
I am proudly rated “Exceptionally Well-Qualiﬁ  ed” by the Latina/o Bar 
Association and Joint Asian Bar Association.
I would be honored to earn your vote for Seattle Municipal Court, 
Position 5.
 Cities 
 City of Seattle 
 Municipal Court Judge Position No. 5 
 Garmon 
Newsom 
  
    
 (206) 745-2010 
 info@newsomforjudge.com 
 newsomforjudge.com 
Education: Princeton University (Honors); The University of Chicago 
Law School (Law Review)
Occupation: Trial and Appellate Attorney
Statement: I am a trial and appellate attorney with nearly 15 years of 
litigation experience, focused on criminal appeals and resentencing 
work. Throughout my career, I have handled complex legal issues 
requiring careful preparation, thoughtful decision making, and respect 
for the people whose lives are aff  ected by the legal system.
Before law school, I worked as an immigration paralegal, helping 
individuals and families navigate diffi   cult and often overwhelming 
legal processes. During law school, I worked in the Civil Rights and 
Police Accountability Clinic, helping to promote transparency and 
equity in the law enforcement system. These experiences reinforced 
my belief that our legal system works best when every person is heard 
and treated fairly and with dignity.
I am running for Seattle Municipal Court because I believe courts 
should be fair, thoughtful, and grounded in the real lives of the 
people who come before them. Every person who enters a courtroom 
deserves careful consideration and equal treatment under the law.
I also believe strongly in access to justice. For many people, 
municipal court is their ﬁ  rst—and sometimes only—interaction with 
the legal system. It should be a place where people understand 
what’s happening, where language access is prioritized, and where 
everyone is treated with respect regardless of their background or 
circumstances.
My husband and I have lived on Capitol Hill for over 15 years, and 
are raising our three children right in the heart of Seattle. Like many 
Seattle families, we care deeply about strong neighborhoods and a 
connected community. I understand that court decisions aff  ect real 
people. I volunteer with the King County Bar Association, the First 
Responder Will Clinic, The Junior League of Seattle, and my faith 
community. I would be honored to bring fairness, integrity, and 
experienced judgment to Seattle Municipal Court.
 Cities 
 City of Seattle 
 Municipal Court Judge Position No. 5 
 Lindsay 
Calkins 
  
    
 (206) 604-8878 
lindsay@elindsaycalkins.com