--- page 1 ---
Airport 1 001 [0001.01] Standa (CS 14) - EC:299524 OFFICIAL BALLOT Grant County, WA November 3, 2026 General Election Precinct: 0001.01 How to Vote Use a dark blue or black ink pen to completely fill in the oval to the left of your choice. Vote for only one candidate within the party you marked on your envelope. If you vote for more than one, no votes will be counted for that race. To vote for a candidate not listed for that race, fill in the oval to the left the line and print the name of the candidate. Optional write-in To vote for a person whose name is not printed on the ballot, fill in the oval to the left of "write-in" and print the name on the line. If you make a mistake Draw a line through the entire measure response or candidate's name. Then you may make another choice. Who donates to campaigns? View information on financial contributors for Federal Candidates: Federal Election Commission Toll Free (800) 424-9530 www.fec.gov. View financial contributors for candidates and measures: Public Disclosure Commission www.pdc.wa.gov Toll Free 1(877)601-2828 If a primary election was held for an office, the two candidates who received the most votes in the Primary advanced to the General Election. Each candidate for partisan office may state a political party that the candidate prefers. A candidate's preference does not imply that the candidate is nominated or endorsed by the party, or that the party approves of or associates with that candidate. Initiative to the People Initiatives to the Legislature Advisory Vote READ: Each candidate for partisan office may state a political party that the candidate prefers. A candidate's preference does not imply that the candidate is nominated or endorsed by the party, or that the party approves of or associates with that candidate. Federal Partisan Office State Partisan Offices County Partisan Offices Initiative Measure No. IP26-645 Initiative Measure No. IP26-645 concerns state and local taxes. This measure would repeal a 9.9% tax on annual individual income over $1,000,000; prohibit taxes measured by individual income and taxes on individual income or the receipt of individual income; and define “income.” This measure would decrease funding for public K-12 education, higher education (including universities and community colleges), and human services (primarily healthcare). Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Initiative Measure No. IL26-001 Initiative Measure No. IL26-001 concerns parental rights relating to their children in public school. This measure would repeal amendments to a statute listing certain rights of parents and guardians of public-school children and re-enact the law as it was originally enacted by Initiative to the Legislature 2081. Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No Initiative Measure No. IL26-638 Initiative Measure No. IL26-638 concerns participation in athletics at K-12 schools. This measure would prohibit students it defines as “biologically male” from competing in certain school athletic activities intended for female students only. It would require verification of biological sex by students’ healthcare providers. Should this measure be enacted into law? Yes No GRANT COUNTY Advisory Vote Only - Proposition No. 1 SALES AND USE TAX FOR MENTAL HEALTH OR CHEMICAL DEPENDENCY TREATMENT OR THERAPEUTIC COURTS The Grant County Board of Commissioners is calling for an advisory election concerning whether a tax authorized by RCW 82.14.460 should be adopted. Pursuant to RCW 82.14.460, the sales and use tax would equal one- tenth of one percent (0.1%) of the selling price in the case of sales tax, or value of the article used in case of a use tax. Revenues from this tax would be used solely for the operation and delivery of chemical dependency or mental health treatment programs and services and for the operation or delivery of therapeutic court programs and services. Should a sales and use tax for chemical dependency or mental health treatment or therapeutic courts at a rate of one-tenth of one percent (0.1%) be adopted within Grant County? YES... NO... U.S. Representative, Congressional District 4 Amanda McKinney (Prefers Republican Party) John Duresky (Prefers Democratic Party) Write-In Legislative District 13, State Senator Alex Ybarra (Prefers Republican Party) Write-In Legislative District 13, State Representative Pos. #1 Tom Dent (Prefers Republican Party) Juan "Jerry" Garcia (Prefers Democratic Party) Write-In Legislative District 13, State Representative Pos. #2 Deanna Martinez (Prefers Republican Party) Joshua Thompson (Prefers Republican Party) Write-In Legislative District 16, State Representative Pos. #1 Mark Klicker (Prefers Republican Party) Kyle Palmer (Prefers Democratic Party) Write-In Legislative District 16, State Representative Pos. #2 Skyler Rude (Prefers Republican Party) Derek Sarley (Prefers Democratic Party) Write-In Assessor Clayton Johnson (States No Party Preference) Anson Bartrand (Prefers Republican Party) Write-In Auditor Short & Full 4 year term Shannon Falstad (Prefers Republican Party) Darci Homesley (Prefers Republican Party) Write-In Clerk Kimberly A. Allen (Prefers Republican Party) Write-In Commissioner District #3 Kelly Raap (Prefers Republican Party) Shannon Durfee (Prefers Republican Party) Write-In Coroner Craig Morrison (Prefers Republican Party) Write-In Prosecutor Short & Full 4 year term Brandon K. Guernsey (Prefers Republican Party) Write-In Sheriff Darrik Gregg (Prefers Republican Party) Joey Kriete (Prefers Republican Party) Write-In Treasurer Short & Full 4 year term Carrie Heston (States No Party Preference) Write-In

--- page 2 ---
Airport 1 001 [0001.01] Standa (CS 14) - EC:299524 Judicial Nonpartisan Offices Grant County PUD Nonpartisan Office Local Measure Supreme Court Justice Position #1 2 year unexpired term Colleen Melody Scott Edwards Write-In Supreme Court Justice Position #3 David Stevens Jaime Michelle Hawk Write-In Supreme Court Justice Position #4 Ian Birk Sean O'Donnell Write-In Supreme Court Justice Position #5 2 year unexpired term Theo Angelis Dave Larson Write-In Supreme Court Justice Position #7 Debra L. Stephens Todd A. Bloom Write-In Court of Appeals, Division 3, District 2 Judge Position #1 Unexpired 2 year term Tyson R. Hill Write-In Grant County Superior Court Judge Position #3 Unexpired 2 year term Kenneth "Ken" Chadwick Trevor Bevier Write-In Grant County District Court Judge Position #1 Tom Middleton Write-In Grant County District Court Judge Position #2 Nicholas L Wallace Write-In Grant County District Court Judge Position #3 Brian D. Gwinn Write-In Grant County PUD Commissioner Dist #3 Larry Schaapman Write-In Grant County PUD Commissioner Dist #B AL Nelson Cox Write-In GRANT COUNTY HOSPITAL DISTRICT NO. 4 Proposition No. 1 BONDS FOR EXPANSION OF MCKAY HEALTHCARE & REHABILITATION CENTER The Commission of the Public Hospital District No. 4, Grant County, Washington (McKay Healthcare & Rehabilitation), adopted Resolution No. 2026-4 concerning bonds to fund an expansion of the district’s healthcare facilities. This proposition would authorize the District to expand McKay Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center to include a 16-bed assisted living unit, a 16-bed memory care unit, and other capital improvements deemed necessary or advisable by the Commission; issue no more than $9,940,000 of general obligation bonds maturing within 30 years; and levy annual excess property taxes to repay the bonds, all as provided in Resolution 2026-04. Should this proposition be: Approved Rejected CITY OF MOSES LAKE Proposition No. 1 PUBLIC SAFETY SALES AND USE TAX The Moses Lake City Council adopted Resolution No. 4042 concerning funding for public safety services. This proposition would increase the sales and use tax rate by 1/10th of 1% (0.1%, or one cent per $10 sale) to provide funding for public safety services to meet increased demand and calls for service; paying public safety operations, maintenance and capital; providing for law enforcement staffing and retention; and providing other criminal justice City operations and services as permitted under RCW 82.14.450. Should this proposition be approved? YES NO GRANT COUNTY FIRE DISTRICT NO. 7 Proposition No. 1 Emergency Medical Service Property Tax Levy The Board of Fire Commissioners of Grant County Fire Protection District No. 7 adopted Resolution No. 07082026-A concerning a proposition to fund emergency medical services. This proposition would authorize the board of commissioners to replace the last two years of the existing voter approved EMS levy and continue to fund emergency medical services for its citizens by imposing a regular property tax levy of $.50 per $1,000.00 of assessed valuation for a period of six consecutive years to be first levied in 2026 and collected beginning in 2027. Should this proposition be enacted into law? Yes No WILSON CREEK CEMETERY DISTRICT NO. 2 Proposition No. 1 SPECIAL LEVY FOR MAINTENANCE AND OPERATIONS The Board of Commissioners, Grant County Cemetery District No. 2 adopted Resolution No. 26-1, concerning a proposition to finance maintenance and operation expenses. This proposition would authorize the District for support of the District’s maintenance and operations expenses: Collection Year Approximate Levy Rate/ $1,000 Assessed Value Levy Amount 2027 $0.1756086959 $12,000.00 All as provided in Resolution No. 26-1. Should this proposition be approved? SPECIAL LEVY... YES SPECIAL LEVY... NO
