34
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 5
State Representative Position No. 1
Elected Experience: President: King County Police Chiefs/Sheriff  s, 
WA State FBI National Academy Associates, Washington State Police 
Chief’s and Sheriff  ’s Executive Board, Legislative Committee Co-Chair, 
Northwestern University Alumni Board. 
Other Professional Experience: Instructor: Northwestern University, 
Bellevue College. Police Chief: Maple Valley, Sammamish, Mercer 
Island. Planning and Operations Major in King County Sheriff  ’s Offi   ce, 
KCSO Deputy in North Bend. 
Education: Doctorate in Education, Seattle Paciﬁ  c University. Master 
of Science in Organizational Development, Bachelor of Arts in Law and 
Justice, Central Washington University.
Community Service: Take a Stand Against Bullying curriculum co-
creator used in multiple states, created several community programs 
including Sammamish Healthy Communities Coalitions, and Youth 
Explorer and Volunteer Programs.
Statement: Families in the 5th Legislative District deserve safer 
communities, stronger schools, and a state government that respects 
the people paying the bills. Olympia recently voted for the largest tax 
increase in state history while many families struggle with rising costs. 
Police have also been left without clear tools to protect victims and 
neighborhoods.
With an education doctorate, and as a former police chief in this 
district, I bring real-world experience in public safety, education, 
and responsible budgeting. I will ensure state spending delivers 
measurable results. I will ﬁ  ght for stronger schools, safer 
communities, and will bring common-sense leadership to Olympia. 
 State 
 Legislative District No. 5 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Michelle 
Bennett 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
(425) 243-3233
 michelle@votembennett.com 
 ElectMichelleBennett.com 
Elected Experience: PCO 5th LD, ISS 05-0544
Other Professional Experience: Retail sales; previously warehouse 
labor, computer repair, food service and hospitality.
Education: No formal higher education, apprenticeship in organizing.
Community Service: Volunteer for the Seattle DSA, Whole 
Washington, and Progressive Victory. Work includes ﬁ  ghting to 
protect renters from unpredictable and high utility fees, reading and 
reviewing legislation for representative Shaun Scott, advocacy for 
universal healthcare, educating people about current political issues in 
the state, and canvassing and phone banking for progressives across 
the state and country.
Statement: I will ﬁ  ght for universal healthcare, new social housing, 
and an expansion of our public transit network into our smaller 
communities. I will fully fund our education system, and reverse cuts 
to our Department of Natural Resources, paid for by progressive 
taxation on the ultra rich and largest corporations. I will champion a 
$26 minimum wage, a 32 hour workweek, and guaranteed paid time 
off   for all workers. Washington needs bold new leaders who ﬁ  ght 
for the working class, not the corporate duopoly. Because I refuse 
corporate PAC money, my loyalty lies with the people.
A better Washington is possible.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 5 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Aimee 
Warmerdam 
  (Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (425) 236-6421 
 campaign@aimeeforwa.win 
 aimeeforwa.win 