Jurisdiction
71
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Metropolitan King County
/circle_arrow_rightCouncil District No. 8
Education: Masters in Public Administration, focus in health policy, 
Evergreen State College; BA, University of Washington
Occupation: County Councilmember; labor champion, children’s 
advocate, public health policy leader
Statement: I’m running for re-election to the County Council to 
continue building a healthier, safer, more aff  ordable King County 
where working families can thrive. At a time when costs are rising and 
many neighbors are struggling to stay housed, maintain access to 
care, and make ends meet - we need bold leadership that delivers real 
results for our communities.
I’ve spent my career ﬁ  ghting for workers, kiddos, and healthy 
communities. At the Children’s Alliance and the Washington State 
Labor Council, I helped win paid sick leave, minimum wage increases, 
and stronger protections for workers and immigrants. On the 
Seattle City Council and now at King County, I’ve built coalitions to 
expand aff  ordable housing, strengthen worker protections, invest 
in behavioral health, and support small businesses and community 
safety.
At King County, I’ve worked to increase investments in aff  ordable 
and supportive housing, improve behavioral health services, protect 
immigrant and refugee communities, and strengthen our public 
health infrastructure. I’ve also championed investments in transit, 
childcare, and workforce development to help families stay and 
succeed in our region.
My priorities remain expanding aff  ordable housing and preventing 
displacement; improving community safety through behavioral health 
and gun violence prevention; and investing in working families with 
accessible transit, childcare, healthcare, and union job opportunities.
I believe King County works best when we lead with compassion, 
accountability, and commitment to opportunity for everyone 
– regardless of zip code, income, or background. Together, we 
can continue building a King County where every person has the 
opportunity to be healthy, housed, safe, and resilient.
Proudly endorsed by Congresswoman Jayapal; Governor Ferguson; 
AG Nick Brown; all endorsing unions including MLK Labor, SEIU locals, 
UFCW 3000, and Seattle Building Trades; 34th, 33rd, 11th District Dems; 
Progreso; Latino Progress; Washington Conservation Action; WA Housing 
Alliance Action Fund; NW Women’s Political Caucus; and 200+ more!
 
 County 
 Metropolitan King County 
 Council District No. 8 
 Teresa 
Mosqueda 
      
    
 info@TeamTeresa.org 
 TeamTeresa.org 
Education: University of Washington
Occupation: Longshoreman
Statement: 15 years ago, I discovered that our local legislative process 
has no place for public opinion. Policy is drafted and voted on by 
people who are most often not aff  ected by it, while the people who 
are, cannot contribute to the conversation which creates it. We have 
no measurable impact on decisions made by our representatives 
and if we cannot check our government, we live in a fascist society, 
whether we vote or not.
No one is coming to save us from the cultural and economic crisis 
we face in this time of radical change. Until we are present in the 
conversation which creates legislation,  we will be unable to prevent 
any decision made by our government that fails to protect our liberty. 
While the issues we face may seem impossible - the root cause is 
simple. There is no common sense in legislation because there is no 
common voice, and there is no common voice because there is no 
common mike. 
If elected, I will open the legislative process to public partnership. I 
will introduce an open public forum parallel to every committee to 
act as a standing check against bad policy and an interactive map that 
citizens can use to drop pins of interest that guide the conversation of 
legislation. Together, we will ﬁ  nd ways to use government to empower 
those in the community already doing the work.
The People have outgrown our need for representation with the 
advancement of our technology. If we can expect to access social 
media 24 hours a day, we can expect to engage with the legislative 
process whenever we want. We have to get organized if we are going 
to have any control over our own lives. 
Give me your vote and I’ll give you the mike. 
Organize or die. 
 
 
 County 
 Metropolitan King County 
 Council District No. 8 
 Mia 
Jacobson 
      
    
mia.rabbit@yahoo.com
 www.voterabbit.com 