20
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Congressional District No. 1
United States Representative
Elected Experience: This election is my ﬁ  rst government campaign. 
Other Professional Experience: I am a small business owner of a 
travel agency. I am also a certiﬁ  ed personal trainer and have been 
doing that work for the past 9 years.
Education: BA - Gonzaga University, Magna Cum Laude -2014. MM - 
Seattle Film Institute -2016
Community Service: I am currently serving as President of the Seattle 
Civic Band. I have served for several years on the parish council for St. 
Matthew Catholic Church in Seattle, and have volunteered with them 
and other parishes in the Seattle Archdiocese for many years in a 
variety of roles and services.
Statement: 
As I write this statement in May, we are in an unauthorized 
war that has only brought death and disaster. Every day, I pray that 
this war ends, and I hope by the time you read this, it will have. But 
the eff  ects of this administration and ineff  ective congress will take 
years to recover unless we make a dramatic change.
We all have the right to clean air, safe water, food, a place to live, and 
medical care. People deserve to live in the assurance that if they get 
laid off  , they can still aff  ord their medicine. I want to be able to go to 
the doctor knowing it won’t bankrupt me. But right now, corporate 
interests are given priority over people, and life is too expensive for us 
working class folks.
The billionaire class is destroying our planet, hoarding our money, and 
buying government offi   cials. Mega-corporations are given more rights 
than our children, who just want to go to school without being killed.
Career politicians and their pockets full of lobbying money need 
to retire. It’s time to set term limits in all branches of government. 
It’s time to enshrine in the Constitution, rights of the people over 
companies. It’s time to end lobbying and multi-million dollar political 
campaigns. It’s time to hold all of the criminals in the ﬁ  les accountable, 
no matter what position of power they’re in.
All over the country, young progressives like me are running 
and winning. We have the power to make real change to protect 
Americans. All Americans. Regardless of how you voted in 2016, 2020, 
2024, or ever, I want to protect you. Your voice matters, your vote 
matters. I hope you will use it to give me a chance to work for you. I 
ask for your vote. Thank you.
 State 
 Congressional District No. 1 
 United States Representative 
 Catherine 
Hildebrand 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (253) 413-4668 
 hildebrandforcongress@gmail.com 
 hildebrandforcongress.com 