Jurisdiction
89
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.King County Fire Protection District No. 43
Statement in favor Statement in opposition
Andrew Montero, Warren Iverson
Our community has counted on Fire District 
43 and Puget Sound Regional Fire Authority 
for many years to provide ﬁ  re and emergency 
medical services, and annexation will not 
change who responds when you call 911 or 
the area they serve. Our area has successfully 
beneﬁ  ted from this partnership, on a previous 
ballot with the remodel of the Maple Heights 
Fire Station and in permitting for the Hobart 
Station”.  Annexation is the logical next step to 
secure these services long term while giving 
Fire District 43 residents greater representation 
within the RFA governance structure.
Right now, our community beneﬁ  ts from the 
RFA but has no voting representation in its 
decisions. Annexation guarantees Fire District 
43 voters and two seats on the RFA board and 
the right to vote on future RFA ballot measures, 
including taxes and the ﬁ  re beneﬁ  t charge. That 
means more local control over the choices that 
aff  ect our safety, staffi   ng, and station resources 
for the long term.
Annexation also supports a more stable and 
balanced funding structure. Property would 
be taxed based on ﬁ  re risk rather than a 
single standard rate for both commercial and 
residential properties. This model distributes 
costs according to service demands and 
property characteristics, so all property types 
contribute appropriately for the services they 
rely on.
For stronger local representation, longterm 
ﬁ  nancial stability, and no change to the level 
of service you receive, please vote Yes on 
Proposition 1.
There is no statement against this measure. 
No one in the jurisdiction contacted King 
County Elections to serve on the committee to 
write a statement against the measure.
Jurisdictions that place measures on the ballot 
also appoint members of the public to “pro” 
and “con” committees. These committees 
prepare statements either for or against 
the ballot measure. These statements are 
published in the local voters’ pamphlet to help 
voters make informed decisions.
If the jurisdiction is unable to appoint a 
committee, King County Elections can appoint 
any eligible committee members who come 
forward. To join a committee in the future, 
please contact the jurisdiction.