80
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Northeast Electoral District
/circle_arrow_rightJudge Position No. 1
Education: J.D., Boston College Law School; B.A., Tufts University; 
Teaching Credential, Cal. State Univ.
Occupation: Administrative Law Judge; King County District Court 
Judge Pro Tem
Statement: Jan Trasen has dedicated her career to fairness, equal 
justice, and ensuring our courts work for everyone. She is the 
only candidate with full-time judicial experience, serving as an 
Administrative Law Judge and King County District Court Judge 
Pro Tem. She treats all in her courtroom with respect, making fair 
decisions in cases aff  ecting public safety, healthcare access, and family 
stability.
Before becoming an ALJ, Jan spent 26 years as a public defender and 
appellate attorney, arguing cases before the Washington Supreme 
Court and Court of Appeals in criminal and dependency cases. 
Her experience across every level of the legal system gives her the 
judgment, temperament, and independence required to serve fairly 
and eff  ectively from day one.
Jan is the only candidate to receive “Exceptionally Well Qualiﬁ  ed” 
ratings from ﬁ  ve independent local bar associations. Jan previously 
taught middle school English & ESL; she raised her two daughters in 
Kirkland, where she lives with her rescue dog, Bear. 
Endorsed: Majority of Washington Supreme Court; over 75 appellate/trial 
judges, including majority of King County District Court; Commissioner 
Kuderer; Senators Dhingra, Slatter & Stanford; Redmond Mayor Birney; 
National Women’s Political Caucus; Machinists; ATU; King County 
Democrats; 41st, 45th, 48th LD Democrats, more. 
 Judicial 
 Northeast Electoral District 
 Judge Position No. 1 
 Jan 
Trasen 
  
    
    
 trasenforjudge@gmail.com 
 trasenforjudge.com 
Education: J.D., University of Washington Law School; B.A. with 
Honors, University of Washington; A.A.S., Bellevue College
Occupation: Assistant Attorney General; Judge Pro Tem
Statement: With 25 years of courtroom experience, including part-
time judicial service since 2008, and the highest “Exceptionally Well-
Qualiﬁ  ed” ratings from the King County Bar, Latino/a Bar, QLaw, and 
Joint Asian Judicial Evaluation Committee, I will uphold the rule of law, 
adhere to ethical standards, and conduct proceedings with clarity and 
compassion. 
After my family endured a ﬁ  re, I saw the power of community 
assistance in rebuilding lives.  I have worked as a public defender and 
now volunteer with mentorship programs and organizations helping 
youth and low-income individuals.
Endorsements: 1st LD Democrats (sole); Amalgamated Transit Union 
Local 587; Attorney General Nick Brown; King County Executive 
Girmay Zahilay, former Deputy Executive Fred Jarrett; Senators Lisa 
Wellman (41st LD), Manka Dhingra (45th LD); Representatives My-Linh 
Thai, Davina Duerr; Supreme Court Justices Theo Angelis, Colleen 
Melody, Bobbe Bridge (ret.), Mary Yu (ret.); King County judges, 
Eastside councilmembers, and 100+ attorneys who support my 
election to this open District Court seat.
“When people appear in court, they are entitled to a judge who is 
ﬁ  rm but fair, knowledgeable about the law and committed to a just 
outcome.  That is what they will get when they appear in front of Josh 
Schaer.” – Judge Kara Murphy Richards
 
 Judicial 
 Northeast Electoral District 
 Judge Position No. 1 
 Josh 
Schaer 
      
 (385) 240-4691 
 joshschaerforjudge@gmail.com 
 www.joshschaerforjudge.com 