Jurisdiction
85
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.City of Covington
Statement in favor Statement in opposition
Rebuttal of statement in opposition Rebuttal of statement in favor
Gary Cavanaugh
gary.cavanaugh@yahoo.com
Casey Hogan, Kolawole Ogundari, Laura Morrissey
Just $21/month, but that’s on top of the, “just a few 
bucks more a month,” utility taxes we’re already 
paying to support parks. Now is a time to live 
within our means, not create a new tax.  Once 
a tax is created, there it is. It will only go up. In 
most cases, taxes never go down. Where does the 
money come from? Your pocket. It’s not a good 
time for this. Please vote no.
 
The opposition statement is fear-mongering, 
misrepresenting a one-time 2011 utility tax-
connected policy for constructing Covington 
Community Park.  Covington does not have a parks 
tax; stating otherwise is a lie.  That’s why we need 
the CPRD.  Gas and income taxes are controlled 
by Washington State: Covington receives nothing 
from them.  Parks are essential to quality of life; it’s 
not whether we can aff  ord to invest in parks — it’s 
whether we can aff  ord not to. Vote yes.
Whose money is it?
A few years ago, City of Covington came to us, “We 
have to build traffi   c circles so we have to create a 
utility tax or we’ll have to shut down parks.” They 
created the tax. Now they want to create a Park 
and Recreation district and charge us a property 
tax of 37¢ per $1,000 of evaluation to ﬁ  nance it. 
That’s $148 a year on a $400,000 home.  $277 on a 
$750,000 home. We already created a tax to ﬁ  nance 
parks. With gas taxes through the roof, property 
taxes being high and now the threat of an income 
tax, it’s just really not a good time to be creating 
another new tax. It’s like the City of Covington loves 
to spend and has forgotten just whose money it 
is. Their website says they Could charge 75¢ per 
thousand and look how wonderful they are because 
they are only wanting 37¢. How about none? At least 
not right now.  There is no money. The well is dry 
right now. It’s not the right time to ask us for more.
We Love Our Parks—Vote Yes. Covington’s park 
system is central to our quality of life, providing 
free access to playgrounds, trails, green spaces, 
and events. But parks compete for funding with 
police, roads, and other essential services. As costs 
continue to rise, funding for parks is falling behind—
and will continue to do so without a dedicated 
solution. 
Future-Proof Funding for Our Local Parks. Covington 
Park and Recreation District (CPRD) provides stable, 
protected funding. By law, 100% of CPRD revenue 
would support Covington parks and recreation—
nothing can be diverted by the county or state. 
CPRD will improve park maintenance, expand parks/
trails, and is necessary to replace the aging aquatic 
center with a facility that meets today’s needs, 
including expanded pool space and indoor ﬁ  tness, 
senior, teen, and community areas. 
Smart Investment, Shared Beneﬁ  ts. CPRD is structured 
to deliver maximum beneﬁ  t for minimum cost. 
Owners of median -priced homes would pay 
about $21/month with many homeowners paying 
less. CPRD funding also unlocks matching funds 
for grants to bring additional dollars into our 
community—a value multiplier. 
Vote Yes. Protect and strengthen the park system our 
community relies on.  We value our parks and must 
invest in them. Vote yes. 
 