Jurisdiction
35
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 5
State Representative Position No. 2
Elected Experience: Current State Representative, Vice-Chair, Capital 
Budget Committee; Member of the House Appropriations Committee 
and the House K-12 Education Committee; Previously on Human 
Services Early Learning, Former Issaquah School Board Director.
Other Professional Experience: Former lead engineer and project 
manager for Boeing. Former consultant managing large-scale 
e-commerce software development programs for businesses. 
Education: Bachelor of Science in mathematics with an emphasis in 
computer science from Northern Arizona University.
Community Service: Member of Kiwanis and Issaquah Chamber of 
Commerce. Former PTA leader, Former loaned executive to United 
Way of King County, past board member of The Garage Teen Center, 
and Inﬂ  uence the Choice Drug Prevention Alliance for Youth.
Statement: 
Good policy comes from listening, not partisanship. I bring 
an engineer’s problem-solving to Olympia. I’ll keep ﬁ  ghting for great 
public schools, mental health care for kids, workforce housing for the 
families who serve our communities, and gun safety that saves lives. 
I’ll defend reproductive freedom, ﬁ  ght for aff  ordable childcare, protect 
forests and clean air, and work for a tax code that doesn’t squeeze 
working people. Endorsed: Educators, State Labor Council, Grocery 
Workers, Fireﬁ  ghters, Nurses, Sierra Club, Washington Conservation 
Action, Planned Parenthood, Alliance for Gun Responsibility, Building 
Trades, Housing Alliance, Congresswoman Kim Schrier, Mayors and 
Council Members across the 5th LD.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 5 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Lisa 
Callan 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (425) 260-4878 
 elect.lisacallan@gmail.com 
 electlisacallan.org 
Elected Experience: Not a career politician.
Other Professional Experience: 23 years Army Service, Human 
Intelligence Warrant Offi   cer, Counter-Intelligence Agent, two 
Afghanistan Combat tours, Bronze Star, Combat Action Badge. KCGOP 
Vice Chair, Senior Industrial Security Specialist - Boeing.
Education: Master of Business Administration-Finance Emphasis, 
Webster University; B.A.-Philosophy with Epistemology focus, 
University of Washington.
Community Service: My family has lived continuously in Hobart, 
WA since 1887. Community service has always been part of our 
tradition, and thanks to my father, Dick Peacock, long-time president 
of the Maple Valley Historical Society, I’ve developed an in-depth 
understanding of the histories of the areas around Issaquah, Maple 
Valley, Ravensdale, Black Diamond, and Enumclaw.
Statement: Washington is becoming increasingly unaff  ordable, and 
introducing a state income tax would only worsen the situation. 
Residents already pay some of the highest fuel taxes, which drives 
up costs across the board. To address these challenges, we must 
encourage employers not to leave and prioritize issues like aff  ordable 
housing, quality education, and reducing crime. Unfortunately, 
Washington’s one-party rule has failed to deliver eff  ectively on these 
issues. Continuing to vote the same way and expecting diff  erent 
results is futile—it’s time for a change. There are real solutions, let’s do 
what works.
Endorsed by the 5th LD and King County Republicans.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 5 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Patrick 
Peacock 
  (Prefers Republican Party)  
            
(425) 906-9342
patrick@electpeacock.org
electpeacock.org