Jurisdiction
47
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 33
State Senator
Elected Experience: State Senator; Vice Chair of Health & Long-
Term Care Committee; on Rules, Human Services, Housing, and 
the Joint Committee on Veterans’ & Military Aff  airs. Former State 
Representative; Speaker Pro-Tempore; Member of the National 
Council of State Legislators Veterans & Military Aff  airs.
Other Professional Experience: 
UW Affi   liate Faculty with twenty years’ 
experience in behavioral health, consulting, and grant writing, working 
with governments and foundations to better serve our communities.
Education: Master of Social Work & B.S. in Psychology from UW.
Community Service: Kent Chamber of Commerce, Judson Retirement 
Community Board, United Way Impact Council, Veteran Suicide 
Prevention Task Force.
Statement: I am honored to serve you in the State Senate, where 
I’ve built on my record of legislative leadership– advancing measures 
to address housing and behavioral health needs and of veterans 
and military families and have worked to create protections for 
our communities against unregulated AI. I’m proud of this year’s 
bills that strengthen protections against child sexual exploitation, 
prohibit insurance agencies from using AI to deny care, invest in ﬂ ood 
recovery, reduce youth homelessness, and strengthen the rights of 
homeowners.
As a career social worker, protecting vulnerable Washingtonians has 
always been my focus. Protecting survivors of sexual abuse, gun 
violence, and suicide is absolutely a priority of mine whilst serving in 
the legislature. With federal cuts threatening programs for struggling 
families and agencies protecting vulnerable populations, I will 
continue to work to strengthen and protect these resources in our 
state. 
With your vote, I’ll continue working on aff  ordable housing, 
comprehensive healthcare, 988, airport pollution mitigation, childcare 
access for working families, language access in schools, and ﬁ  nding 
climate solutions. 
I’m proudly endorsed by local mayors and councilmembers, unions 
and state leaders, and many more. Let’s keep working together for 
stronger, safer, and more supportive communities in South King 
County
 State 
 Legislative District No. 33 
 State Senator 
 Tina L. 
Orwall 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 409-3038 
 tina.orwall@gmail.com 
 www.electtinaorwall.com 