92
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Snoqualmie Pass Fire and Rescue
Explanatory statement
For questions about this measure, contact: 
Proposition No. 1
Intent to Continue 
Voter Authorized 
Beneﬁ  t Charge
The Board of Commissioners of 
Snoqualmie Pass Fire and Rescue 
adopted Resolution No. 2026-
01, concerning a proposition for 
providing for the re-authorization and 
continuation of a beneﬁ  t charge.
Shall Snoqualmie Pass Fire and 
Rescue be authorized to continue 
voter-authorized beneﬁ  t charges 
each year for six consecutive years, 
not to exceed an amount equal to 
sixty percent of its operating budget, 
and be prohibited from imposing 
an additional property tax under 
RCW 52.16.160?
Yes
No
Snoqualmie Pass Fire and Rescue is requesting 
that voters approve the continuation of the 
existing beneﬁ  t charge for six years to replace 
the expiring beneﬁ  t charge approved by the 
voters in 2020.
A beneﬁ  t charge is not a property tax but is a 
user fee designed to allocate the cost of the 
services provided by the District in reasonable 
proportion to the measurable beneﬁ  t a property 
receives. If the beneﬁ  t charge is approved the 
District’s statutory tax authority is reduced by 
$.50 per thousand of assessed valuation.
The Board of Commissioners has determined 
that a beneﬁ  t charge established in conjunction 
with a lower level of property taxes provides the 
fairest, most stable, reliable and cost eff  ective 
method for ﬁ  nancing the operations of the 
District and maintaining a satisfactory level 
of services. Property owners have a right to a 
hearing and to petition for adjustments to the 
beneﬁ  t charge each year.
Jay Wiseman
Fire Chief
(425) 434-6333
Jwiseman@spﬁ  re.org
The complete text of this measure is available at the 
Elections Oﬃce or online at kingcounty.gov/elections.
Requirement for passage: Simple majority (RCW 52.18.050(3)(a)) 
You will be voting
Yes or No
on Proposition No. 1