28
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Congressional District No. 9
United States Representative
Elected Experience: United States Representative, 1997-Current; 
Washington State Senator, 1991-1996
Other Professional Experience: Prosecutor, City of Seattle, 1993-1995; 
Attorney, Cromwell, Mendoza and Belur
Education: J.D., University of Washington, 1990; B.A., Fordham 
University, 1987
Community Service: Member: University of Washington Evans 
School Honorary Advisory Board; Council on Foreign Relations; 
Borgen Project Board of Directors.  Former member: Issaquah 
Soccer Club, volunteer coach; Issaquah High and Middle School PTAs; 
Northeast Tacoma Elementary PTA, where my wife, Sara, served as 
PTA President; Federal Way Kiwanis Club; Tom Lantos Human Rights 
Commission; St Matthew’s Episcopal Church.
Statement: Our district is a tremendously diverse and hard-working 
community, one that I have been proud to call home my entire life. I 
grew up in the city of SeaTac. Sara and I raised our two children here, 
they attended our public schools and then went to UW and WSU.
As our nation faces unprecedented challenges at home and abroad, 
I am focused on strengthening the middle class and investing in 
our future. Working class families, like the union one I grew up in, 
do not have the same opportunities as previous generations. This 
needs to change. We must bring down the cost of housing and make 
homeownership achievable again. We must grow from the middle out, 
increase economic opportunities, protect unions, expand job training 
and workforce development programs, create good paying jobs and 
protect the ones we have.
All people, no matter their background, should have access to 
quality, aff  ordable healthcare. Our healthcare system needs to be 
restructured to create a path to a single-payer plan like Medicare for 
All. As the past Chairman and top Democrat on the House Armed 
Services Committee, I have also prioritized making sure that all of our 
service members and their families, no matter who they are, receive 
the support they need and have earned.
I work hard to make sure every person in our district has access to the 
best this country has to off  er; not only because it’s the right thing to 
do, but because this is also my home—it’s personal to me.  
It is a true privilege to serve our community and I would be honored 
to have your vote.  
 State 
 Congressional District No. 9 
 United States Representative 
 Adam 
Smith 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (206) 308-8986 
 info@electadamsmith.com 
 www.electadamsmith.com 
Let’s get social!
Tag @kcelections on the 
platforms above and we may 
share your photo.
Share your 
#VotingSelﬁe with us!
Your vote counts. 
You can check.
Track your ballot at 
kce.wiki/TrackMyBallot
