Jurisdiction
75
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.State Supreme Court
Justice Position No. 3
Legal/Judicial Experience: Judge, Washington Court of Appeals, 
Division I (2022-Present); Judge, King County Superior Court (2018-
2022), including Chief Judge of the Clark Children and Family Justice 
Center.
Other Professional Experience: Assistant United States Attorney, 
Western District of Washington (10 years), where he founded its Civil 
Rights Unit. Previously in private practice. Adjunct Professor, Seattle 
University School of Law, Constitutional Law.
Education: Juris Doctor, Cornell Law School; Graduate studies in 
Classical Philosophy, Princeton University; Bachelor of Arts, magna 
cum laude, University of Notre Dame.
Community Service: Chairperson, Washington Supreme Court’s 
Interpreter Commission; Member, Judicial Ethics Board; Volunteer, 
Spanish Legal Clinic at El Centro de la Raza; youth soccer coach.
Statement: At a time when the rule of law is under assault, I am 
proud that President Obama nominated me to the federal bench in 
recognition of my long record ﬁ  ghting for civil rights; a nomination 
Mitch McConnell refused to even bring to a vote. 
That same commitment to equal justice under the law has earned 
me the endorsement of leaders and the largest unions across 
Washington: three former Governors (Inslee, Gregoire, and Locke); 
Attorney General Nick Brown; nine Supreme Court Justices; over one 
hundred judges; the King County Democrats; and the Washington 
Education Association. Three bar associations rate me Exceptionally 
Well Qualiﬁ  ed, including Washington Women Lawyers.
I was born in Peru and raised in South Seattle. As a federal lawyer, I 
founded the Seattle U.S. Attorney’s Civil Rights Unit and led eff orts to 
reform Seattle’s Police Department. Governor Inslee twice appointed 
me to the bench: ﬁ  rst to the Superior Court, where I presided over 
45 trials, and again to the Court of Appeals, where I have authored 
over 200 opinions, including those protecting Washington’s workers, 
holding corporations accountable, and keeping the public safe.  
The independence and integrity of our courts have rarely mattered 
more. I respectfully ask for your vote.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 3 
 Mike 
Diaz 
  
    
 (360) 389-2427 
 info@diazforjustice.com 
 diazforjustice.com 
Legal/Judicial Experience: Superior Court Judge; Senior Felony 
Prosecutor; Federal Public Defender, Chief Public Defender Colville 
Confederated Tribes; Federal Prosecutor; International Prosecutor in 
Pristina, Kosovo; Justice Advisor in Bamiyan, Afghanistan.
Other Professional Experience: Federal Civil Rights Investigator; U.S. 
Navy Veteran; presenter: legal education seminars in Beirut, Lebanon, 
Kolasin and Budva, Montenegro, and for the Washington Association 
of Prosecuting Attorneys.
Education: Juris Doctor, University of Washington School of Law; 
Bachelor of Arts, University of Washington. Department of State 
Certiﬁ  cate in Islamic Jurisprudence.
Community Service: Deacon, Mount Olive Lutheran Church; VFW 
Larry Godwin Post 1694 Honor Guard; Skookum Rotary; UW Law 
School Mentor; YMCA and UW Law school mock trial judge.
Statement: The duty of the Washington State Supreme Court is to 
uphold our constitution and to protect our rights and freedoms. Public 
policy is the province of the political branches and not the courts.
In the last two decades, direct appointment of judges by the 
governor rather than election of judges by the people has become a 
longstanding tradition. Our State Constitution mandated the election 
of judges because direct appointment leads to ideological and political 
decisions. Appointments were reserved for vacancies. Judge Stevens 
was elected and not appointed. His election will bring common sense 
and balance to the Supreme Court.
After High School, Judge Stevens joined the Navy. After his enlistment, 
he used his veteran’s beneﬁ  ts to attend the University of Washington 
where he met his wife Pam. After graduating, he worked as a Federal 
Civil Rights Investigator for the Fair Housing Enforcement Center 
Seattle ﬁ  ghting racial, ethnic, and religious discrimination. He then 
went to the UW School of Law. Judge Stevens and his wife live in 
Shelton close to six of their nine grandchildren.
As a lawyer and judge he has tried more than two hundred jury trials. 
His supporters include tribes, judges, public defenders, prosecutors, 
attorneys, and law enforcement.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 3 
 David 
Stevens 
  
    
 (360) 789-1405 
 DavidforJustice@yahoo.com 
 JudgeStevensforWA.com 