Jurisdiction
37
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 11
State Representative Position No. 2State Representative Position No. 1
Elected Experience: State Representative
Other Professional Experience: History/Social Studies Teacher in the 
Renton School District, Former Small Business Owner of Aces Tennis, 
running the City of Renton Parks and Recreation Tennis Programs.
Education: Hazen High School, Renton; Bachelors Degree, Political 
Science and History double major, University of Washington; Masters 
in Teaching, Western Washington University
Community Service: Current board member for Special Olympics 
Washington State, Renton Historical Society & Genealogy Center and 
the Renton Regional Community Foundation. I’m also working within 
our community, partnering with non-proﬁ  ts, school districts and our 
cities to pass HB1587 for college promise scholarships allowing every 
student an aff  ordable opportunity after their high school graduation.
Statement: My experience as a working parent and as one of the 
only active teachers serving in the legislature brings an important 
perspective for our state budget discussions.  I will continue to expand 
programs so working families can aff  ord childcare, preschool (Ready 
K) and college (With programs like the Renton/Tukwila Promise) as 
well as help create more housing so that people can aff  ord to live near 
where they work. I would be honored to earn your vote!
I am proud to be endorsed by teachers, nurses, your ﬁ  reﬁ  ghters, 
the 11th District Democrats and many more community members, 
organizations, and elected leaders.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 11 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Steve 
Bergquist 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (425) 390-4527 
 steve4house@gmail.com 
 www.steve4house.com 
Elected Experience: State Representative 11th LD, Pos 1 
(2021-Present)
Other Professional Experience: Former Assistant United States 
Attorney, Former UN War Crimes Prosecutor, Former Senior Counsel 
for Global Human Resources at The Nature Conservancy, and Former 
Consultant for Seattle City Attorney’s Offi   ce
Education: BS, Cornell University; MPA, Harvard University; JD, 
Harvard Law School
Community Service: Former Board Member, Tukwila Children’s 
Foundation; Former Board Member, Alliance for Gun Responsibility; 
Former Board Member, Tabor 100 (African American Business 
Chamber); Former Commissioner, Washington State Human Rights 
Commission; Former Volunteer, Criminal Justice Reform Project in 
Uzbekistan; Former Board Member, Habitat for Humanity Seattle-King 
& Kittitas Counties.
Statement: Times are tough, and we cannot count on a gridlocked 
federal government. While I am incredibly proud of what we have 
accomplished at the state level, we still have much more work to 
do. The daily cost of living continues to climb, and our families need 
immediate relief. My singular focus is ﬁ  nding direct ways to lower 
costs for everyday people, from housing to healthcare.
I’m honored to be endorsed by Governor Bob Ferguson, Attorney 
General Nick Brown, local leaders, the 11th District Democrats, the 
State Labor Council, and many others. I hope to earn your vote.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 11 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 David 
Hackney 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
        
info@hackney4the11th.com
 hackney4the11th.com 