Jurisdiction
21
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Congressional District No. 7
/circle_arrow_rightUnited States Representative
Elected Experience: U.S. Representative, 2017-current; Washington 
State Senator, 2015-2017
Other Professional Experience: Founder/Executive Director, 
OneAmerica; Director, PATH Fund for Technology Transfer; Financial 
Analyst; Author 
Education: BA in English & Economics, Georgetown University; MBA, 
Northwestern University 
Community Service: Member: House Judiciary Committee, House 
Foreign Aff  airs Committee, and Budget Committee. Ranking Member 
of the Immigration Subcommittee. Chair Emerita and Executive 
Board Member, Congressional Progressive Caucus. Co-Chair, 
Monopoly Busters Caucus. Co-Chair, Trans Equality Task Force. 
Member: Congressional Equality Caucus, Congressional Asian Paciﬁ  c 
American Caucus, Pro-Choice Caucus. Champion of Change Award 
from President Obama. Formerly Seattle Income Inequality Advisory 
Committee ($15 minimum wage) Member.
Statement: I am proud to represent Washington’s 7th district and 
stand up for working people every single day. As your Congresswoman, 
I’ve worked to protect our democracy, raise wages, lower costs, build 
aff  ordable housing, protect abortion rights, and ﬁ  ght climate change.   
I’m leading the ﬁ  ght for the Medicare for All Act to ensure that 
universal healthcare is a right, not a privilege. I also lead landmark 
legislation to make higher education tuition-free, guarantee housing 
as a human right, expand workers’ rights, raise the federal minimum 
wage, implement humane immigration reform, and establish an ultra-
millionaire wealth tax. I lead bipartisan bills that ban stock trading for 
Members of Congress and protect Americans from government spying. 
I’m doing everything possible to get money out of politics and reform 
the Supreme Court.
I’ve been on the frontlines of holding Trump accountable, including 
around the lawless ICE and CBP actions that have kidnapped and 
disappeared our neighbors. I established the Monopoly Busters 
Caucus to ﬁ  ght consolidation, corporate greed, and price-gouging. I 
have authored a War Powers Resolution to end Trump’s illegal war in 
Iran and worked with Epstein survivors to get justice against predators 
and pedophiles. 
I’ve held over 130 town halls and helped thousands of constituents, 
including veterans and seniors, secure over $25 million in federal 
beneﬁ  ts. My offi   ce has brought home more than $70 million in new 
federal investments for housing, transportation, jobs, and public 
safety. 
I’m proud to represent a diverse, innovative and compassionate 
district. I have never taken corporate PAC money because I ﬁ  ght for 
working people, not the billionaires and giant corporations. I would be 
deeply honored to have your vote.
Endorsements: Labor unions including Washington State Labor 
Council, WFSE, UFCW 3000, NEA/WEA, and Washington State Building & 
Construction Trades Council. Planned Parenthood, Sierra Club, and the 
King County Democrats.
 State 
 Congressional District No. 7 
 United States Representative 
 Pramila 
Jayapal 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
        
 (206) 604-4543
info@pramilaforcongress.com
www.pramilaforcongress.com 
 State 
 Congressional District No. 7 
 United States Representative 
 David W. 
Blomstrom 
  (Prefers Fifth Republic Party)  
 (206) 257-8864 
david@ﬁ  fthrepublic.org
 ﬁ  fthrepublic.org 
Elected Experience: No information submitted.
Other Professional Experience: No information submitted.
Education: BS in ecology from Western Washington University, 
Bellingham. Also attended University of Alaska at Fairbanks
Community Service: No information submitted.
Statement: Jewarchy. That was the ﬁ  rst word in my Voters Pamphlet 
statement in 2016. People called me an “anti-Semite,” whatever that 
is. Then came the Gaza Genocide. Now you know what I was talking 
about.
I am more staunchly pro-Iran and anti-Israel than either of my two 
opponents from India. Moreover, I don’t draw the line at Zionism, 
which sprouted in Seattle during World War II.
I’m also attacking brown-collar crime. I believe workers deserve unions 
that are transparent, accountable, and responsive to their members. 
(Did you know Jimmy Hoff  a was a Zionist?) Sex crimes are far more 
common in corporate workplaces than most people realize. When I 
discovered a local corporation was forging employees’ signatures—a 
felony—the Teamsters, the police, and the Washington State Attorney 
General all gave me the middle ﬁ  nger.
Why are so many clueless Seattle liberals more concerned about 
“communist China” than Seattle’s fascist public schools, which excel 
only at driving up property taxes? I made derelict school principals a 
campaign issue in 1999, yet nothing has changed. Let’s follow China’s 
lead and replace gangster capitalism with a so-called mixed economy. 
And how about downsizing our obese military so we can have free 
health care?
However, my #1 issue will always be the environment. What if 
Donald Trump’s war with Iran merges with a record El Niño to deliver 
something apocalyptic? I’m not a doomsdayer, but the situation is 
worrisome.
Be honest: do you think the Republicans and Democrats care more 
about us or Israel? Do you think things are getting better or worse? 
Check out the Fifth Republic Party. (Notice anything odd about my 
campaign website?) I favor cutting all ties with Israel and even 
withdrawing recognition of it as a sovereign state. Thanks to all the 
pro-Palestinians and pro-Iranians supporting my campaign. 