58
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 45
State Representative Position No. 1
Elected Experience: State Representative, 2007-present; Chair, House 
Community Safety Committee; Chair, Statute Law Committee; Senior 
Member, Civil Rights and Judiciary Committee; Human Services and 
Early Learning Committee.
Other Professional Experience: Attorney in private practice; King 
County Bar Association, 2000-08; Director, Washington State 
Sentencing Guidelines Commission 1998-2000; Washington State 
Law and Justice Advisory Council; Congressional Chief of Staff   and 
Legislative Director, 1988-1995.
Education: Dartmouth College, AB, Senior Fellow; George Washington 
University, JD; Harvard University, MPA.
Community Service: Hopelink, Board of Directors; President, 
Kirkland’s Lakeview Neighborhood Association; Rotary Club; King 
County Behavioral Health Advisory Board; proud father of two.
Statement: I’m honored to represent you in Olympia, leading eff  orts 
to improve public safety, reduce gun violence and help people in 
crisis. I’ve passed laws to protect survivors of crime, expand drug and 
mental health services, and improve law enforcement accountability 
and training.
I voted to reduce the tax burden on working people and small 
businesses and to provide free school meals and more aff  ordable 
childcare. With your vote, I’ll continue to champion K-12 funding, 
aff  ordable housing investments, climate action, and reproductive 
rights. Let’s keep working together to protect our communities and 
families.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 45 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Roger 
Goodman 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (425) 736-8009 
 roger@rogergoodman.org 
 rogergoodman.org 
Elected Experience: Precinct Committee Offi   cer, ﬁ  ve years.
Other Professional Experience: Music teacher for thirty-ﬁ  ve years. 
Retired professional in Governance, Risk, and Compliance software 
sales.
Education: Attended Wenatchee Valley College and Seattle Paciﬁ  c 
University, Music Therapy major.
Community Service: Dedicated hundreds of hours to grassroots 
activities supporting democracy; worked summers with incarcerated 
youth.
Statement: The 45th District deserves results, not partisan games. 
I am not a politician; I am a teacher, mother, and grandmother who 
believes in putting people ﬁ  rst. I will restore accountability to Olympia 
by defending our constitutional rights, transparency, and equal justice. 
We must implement secure elections, empower parents, and prioritize 
academic excellence. I will ﬁ  ght the regulations driving up housing 
costs and champion aff  ordable energy. We need proven recovery 
solutions for homelessness and full support for our law enforcement. 
Endorsed by the King County Republican Party. I am ready for the 
hard work of restoring trust and defending our freedom.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 45 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 JoAnn 
Tolentino 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (401) 216-9663 
 jotolentino@protonmail.com     
votejoann.com