88
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. King County Fire Protection District No. 43
Explanatory statement
For questions about this measure, contact: 
Proposition No. 1
Annexation of 
the District Into 
the Puget Sound 
Regional Fire 
Authority
King County Fire Protection District 
No. 43 (District) proposes to annex 
into the Puget Sound Regional 
Fire Authority (Puget Sound Fire). 
Annexation of the District would be 
subject to the terms of the Puget 
Sound Fire plan amendment attached 
to District Resolution No. R-2026-002. 
Shall District voters approve of the 
Puget Sound Fire plan amendment 
and annexation of the District into 
Puget Sound Fire, making the District 
a part of Puget Sound Fire?
Yes
No
The Board of Fire Commissioners of King County 
Fire District #43 (“District”) passed Resolution 
No. R-2026-002 Annexation into The Puget 
Sound Regional Fire Authority. Under the terms 
of Resolution No. R-2026-002, the District seeks 
voter approval for the annexation of the District 
into the Puget Sound Regional Fire Authority 
(“RFA”) for ﬁ  re protection and emergency medical 
services (EMS).  
The District has a long history of contracting 
with the RFA for ﬁ  re protection and EMS within 
the District. As a result, annexation will not 
change the delivery or the level of services to the 
residents of the District.
If a majority of the registered voters within the 
District approve the annexation, and the RFA 
plan amendment as reﬂ  ected in Resolution 
No. R-2026-002, the District will be deemed to be 
a part of the RFA. The annexation would become 
eff  ective September 30, 2026. The District will 
not dissolve in the event of annexation, but the 
District will not levy taxes or beneﬁ  t charges. 
Instead, District voters will be subject to the 
levy of taxes and beneﬁ  t charges of the RFA. 
District voters shall be entitled to vote on all 
ballot measures proposed by the RFA—including 
those pertaining to taxation and beneﬁ  t charges. 
District voters will have representation on the 
RFA Governance Board. 
Greg Markley
Legislative Relations
(253) 740-5100
gmarkley@pugetsoundﬁ  re.org
The complete text of this measure is available at the 
Elections Oﬃce or online at kingcounty.gov/elections.
Requirement for passage: Simple majority of the jurisdiction 
proposed to be annexed (RCW 52.26.300(4)(a))
You will be voting
Yes or No
on Proposition No. 1