44
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Legislative District No. 31
State Senator
Elected Experience: 31st District State Senator since 2017; 31st 
District State Representative elected 2016; 47th District State 
Representative 1998-2000
Other Professional Experience: Environmental training and 
consulting. International trade in Europe and Asia. Owner of small 
contracting business. Founding Director and ﬁ  rst President of the 
PNW Erosion Control Association.  
Education: Rutgers University, Cook College of Agriculture; Landscape 
Architecture
Community Service: I’ve been married for 49 years, have 5 children, 
3 of whom are decorated U.S. Marines Corps veterans. Knights of 
Columbus member - 4th Degree, Project Rachel, Fraternal Order of 
Eagles, Sons & Daughters of Italy, Liberian Association of WA.
Statement: It’s been an honor to serve as your voice in the State 
Senate and stand up for the values, freedoms, and common sense 
that make our communities strong.  My approach to decision-making 
is simple: God ﬁ  rst, the district second, and personal preference last. 
That principle guides every vote I take in Olympia. It’s why I regularly 
seek your feedback through district surveys and town halls.  Your 
voice should shape the decisions that aff  ect our communities.
The ﬁ  nancial challenges facing our state are not accidental. They stem 
from excessive spending and the unchecked growth of government 
programs. Individuals, families, seniors, workers, and small businesses 
are all being crushed by rising taxes and higher costs and for many of 
us, we’ve reached the breaking point.
I will continue to stand ﬁ  rmly against eff  orts to erode our Second 
Amendment rights, and I will ﬁ  ght for responsible, disciplined use of 
your tax dollars. I ask for your continued support as I work to protect 
your rights, defend your prosperity, and ﬁ  ght for a more accountable 
state government.
Proudly endorsed by law enforcement leaders, local elected offi   cials, 
community leaders, and neighbors across the district who trust me to 
represent their values at the state Capitol.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 31 
 State Senator 
 Phil 
Fortunato 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (253) 680-9545 
 phil@VoteFortunato.org 
 www.VoteFortunato.org 
Elected Experience: Democratic PCO since 2017. 
Other Professional Experience: Field Organizer for 2024 Sumner-
Bonney Lake School Bond (largest in WA state history), and previously 
employed as a program manager within residential treatment 
facilities. 
Education: Bachelor of Arts in Psychology with a Minor in Religious 
Studies from California State University, Bakersﬁ  eld
Community Service: Currently serving on the Sumner-Bonney Lake 
School Bond Advisory Committee; as an Executive PTA Board Member 
and Book Fair Committee Chair; and in my eight year of continuous 
leadership on the board of the 31st LD Democrats. Past volunteering 
includes Secretary for the Family Readiness Group of the USS Shoup 
(DDG-86).
Statement: I’m running for State Senate in the 31st district because I 
believe our communities deserve a senator who shows up, listens, and 
works for everyone who calls this district home. Families are being 
priced out, infrastructure is straining under rapid growth, and our 
schools are asked to do more with less. At the same time, too many 
people feel unheard, or afraid to speak up.
I’m a mom, an organizer, and a veteran spouse. I’ve worked as a youth 
counselor with kids in crisis, supported military families through 
deployments, and spent eight years putting down roots near Lake 
Tapps, raising my two boys with my husband. Our current challenges 
aren’t abstract policy debates to me; they are my life.
I believe we can govern better. I will lead with honesty, compassion, 
and determination to solve problems while representing the whole 
31st district. I will advocate for our communities to be prioritized 
by Olympia, particularly in the transportation budget. We deserve 
leadership that cares about families, champions education, and takes 
rural infrastructure development seriously. I would be honored to 
earn your vote. 
Endorsed: Washington State Labor Council, AFL-CIO; Pierce County 
Democrats; and trusted local leaders. Please see my website for more! 
 State 
 Legislative District No. 31 
 State Senator 
 Tamara 
Stramel 
  (Prefers Democratic Party)  
 (253) 987-6382 
 togetherwithtamara@gmail.com 
 togetherwithtamara.com 