Jurisdiction
45
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 31
State Representative Position No. 1
Elected Experience: None. First-time candidate.
Other Professional Experience: I know what it’s like to work 
the register at Offi   ce Depot or make commission on the ﬂ  oor at 
Nordstrom. As a campus security guard, I walked people home at 
night when they didn’t feel safe on campus. U.S. Navy nuclear reactor 
operator, 2015–2024. Three deployments aboard USS Theodore 
Roosevelt: operations supporting Kurdish allies against ISIS in the 
Middle East and freedom of navigation in the South China Sea. 
Currently a commercial HVAC technician serving schools, hospitals, 
and small businesses.
Education: B.A., Political Science, UC Santa Barbara (2014). Master of 
Public Administration (2025).
Community Service: None at this time.
Statement: I’m running because my service did not end when I hung 
up the uniform. My son deserves a community of neighbors who 
know each other, not one torn apart by outrage media. And you 
deserve to be treated with dignity and respect by the people you elect. 
I’ll ﬁ  ght to pass SB 6358 and end corporate election spending in 
Washington, even if it means going to every senator’s district. I’ll work 
to bring down housing, healthcare, and tax costs crushing working 
families. And I’ll defend the Climate Commitment Act and modernize 
our grid for the century my son will inherit.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 31 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Stephen 
Szczurko-Walton 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
    
 (844) 558-6623
stephen4district31.com
Stephen@stephen4district31.com     
Elected Experience: State Representative (current House Minority 
Leader, formerly Chair of Select Committee on Pension Policy, Ranking 
Member on House Appropriations Committee, and House Minority 
Floor Leader)
Other Professional Experience: Partner at Chalmers, Adams, Backer 
& Wallen (advising startups, small businesses and investors on 
corporate and securities law matters)
Education: J.D. (cum laude), University of Notre Dame Law School; B.S. 
in Economics, Duke University
Community Service: Co-founder of Citizen Action Defense Fund 
(providing pro bono legal counsel to local churches, nonproﬁ  t 
organizations and others in support of constitutional rights); volunteer 
tax preparer
Statement: As a lifelong Washingtonian, I know our state’s incredible 
potential. Unfortunately, Washington keeps going in the wrong 
direction. We have among the highest gas, grocery and housing prices 
and worst crime rates in the country. Student test scores, attendance 
levels and college enrollment rates are dropping. Meanwhile taxes 
keep increasing, by billions each year.
It’s time for change. I’m running for reelection to reverse these trends. 
I’ll ﬁ  ght for safer neighborhoods where laws are enforced and 
criminals are apprehended, better schools that prepare all students 
for college or career, and a stronger and more aff  ordable economy. 
Together, let’s ﬁ  x Washington.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 31 
 State Representative Position No. 1 
 Drew 
Stokesbary 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (253) 550-5501 
 drew@drewstokesbary.com 
 drewstokesbary.com 