Jurisdiction
39
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.Legislative District No. 12
/circle_arrow_rightState Representative Position No. 2
Elected Experience: None. Endorsed by the Republican Parties of King 
County, Snohomish County, and Douglas County.
Other Professional Experience: Co-Founder of Grace City Church in 
Wenatchee. Community leader serving families, outreach ministries, 
and local initiatives for over 25 years. Founding board member of 
Garden City Academy, a K-12 private Christian school.
Education: Graduate of Pateros High School. Earned an AAS from 
Wenatchee Valley College and graduated magna cum laude from 
Northwest University in Biblical Studies and Church Ministries.
Community Service: Serving families through discipleship, youth 
mentorship, education, men’s initiatives, and community outreach. 
During COVID, Adam stood alongside 40 Washingtonians in a lawsuit 
defending constitutional freedom and local governance.
Statement: Adam James is a Republican running for State House to 
bring common-sense leadership and accountability to Olympia. Adam 
is a lifelong North Central Washington resident, husband, father, and 
community leader. For more than two decades, Adam has served 
families through ministry and community work in Wenatchee.
Adam is running to lower taxes, protect parental rights, strengthen 
public safety, and make government transparent. He believes 
government should stay within its means and answer to the people 
it serves. Adam is ready to boldly ﬁ  ght for policies that will restore 
liberty, strengthen families, and secure Washington’s future.
 State 
 Legislative District No. 12 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Adam 
James 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
    
 adam@james4wa.com 
 www.james4wa.com 
Elected Experience: 2016-Present: State Representative, 12th District, 
Past Deputy Minority Leader State House of Representatives; Two 
Terms City Council, City of Chelan
Other Professional Experience: 
White House Offi   ce of Political Aff  airs, 
Staff   to Washington State House Republican Leadership, Executive 
Director for the Lake Chelan Chamber of Commerce, CFO of 6th 
generation Family Apple and Cherry Orchard. 
Education: Salutatorian, Manson High School. Graduate of Paciﬁ  c 
Lutheran University with degrees in Business Administration and 
Political Science.
Community Service: Past President, Rotary Club of Chelan, 
Past President Lake Chelan Health and Wellness Foundation, 
Trustee Community Foundation of NCW, Past Chair Washington 
State Chamber of Commerce Executives. Trustee, Association of 
Washington Business.
Statement: Mike Steele is currently serving his ﬁ  fth term in the 
Washington State House of Representatives. Mike has spent his 
legislative and professional careers advocating for the needs of small 
businesses. His families’ deep roots in the agricultural industry and 
working directly with hundreds of businesses in a variety of industries 
daily, provided insight on how the issues and policies directly impact 
economics in the 12th district. Mike is uniquely qualiﬁ  ed to work on 
their behalf in Olympia. Mike looks forward to a sixth term in the State 
House to continue proactively serving the people of the 12th District. 
 State 
 Legislative District No. 12 
 State Representative Position No. 2 
 Mike 
Steele 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (509) 679-7085 
 mike@votemikesteele.com 
 votemikesteele.com 