22
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements. Congressional District No. 7
United States Representative
Elected Experience: What you’ve done in politics means nothing if 
working people don’t experience beneﬁ  ts. Results matter. The result 
of my time in offi   ce will see Trump and the Epstein Class in prison. As 
a survivor of childhood sexual assault, I promise to deliver on this no 
matter what.
Other Professional Experience: Grocery
Education: Two years of free college credits from Ozarks Technical 
Community College. Graduated from Oklahoma Christian University, 
a private fundamentalist school that ﬁ  red my professors for being 
openly gay/LGBTQ+ allies.
Community Service: Personally knocked thousands of doors for 
universal healthcare. As a labor leader, I’ve organized grocery store 
workers to strike and blocked corporate mergers.
Statement: My name is Gwen Kirkland, and I’ve been a political 
organizer as long as I’ve lived in Washington state. I moved here from 
Missouri in 2023 to escape anti-transgender discrimination in the 
Bible Belt and ﬁ  nally acquire real healthcare for the ﬁ  rst time in my 
life. 
As a community organizer, I’ve knocked thousands of doors for 
universal healthcare and canvassed for successful progressive 
campaigns. As a labor organizer, I advocated against corporate 
grocery mergers, organized my coworkers to strike and fought back 
against systemic corruption. Together, we endorsed progressive 
politicians against the wishes of billionaires, politicians and 
establishment leaders alike.
Facing people on their porches and at their workplaces, I promised 
that the policies I’ve always championed would pass with the people’s 
vital support for these progressive candidates who share our working 
class values. Policies like universal healthcare, free education for all, 
and publicly-owned utilities and grocery stores are a necessity for 
working families to have any hope of an aff  ordable future.
Sadly, the Democratic Party has zero
 interest in ﬁ  ghting the billionaires 
and their fascist lackeys. This means we have to take over the 
Democratic Party ﬁ  rst in order to guarantee we ever have democracy 
in this country. Complacency breeds corruption, and when our leaders 
fail us so completely, they cannot stay in offi   ce. Their failed leadership 
is what brought us to this point. 
So I promise that is precisely what I will do. Lead. More hands make 
less work and we need all hands on deck. As a union strike captain, I 
know that when working people ﬁ  ght back, we always win.
Let’s put our money to work for us instead of these career politicians 
and the poisonous, genocidal corporations they serve. Together, we 
can free ourselves from the establishment, the Republican Party and 
the Epstein Class. Solidarity.
 State 
 Congressional District No. 7 
 United States Representative 
 Gwen 
Kirkland 
  
(Prefers Democratic Party)  
            
(206) 479-6015
getgwenincongress@gmail.com
getgwenincongress.com
Elected Experience: No previous elected position however strong 
business background 
Other Professional Experience: Chief Financial Offi   cer at Sheth 
Groups (Meineke Franchises 2017 to Present; Co-Owner at Bistro Baffi   
Restaurant  2018 to 2025; Police offi   cer at Lakewood PD 2017 Resign 
due to partial hearing loss; US Marines 2011 to 2014  Honorable 
Discharge
Education: An associate degree in electrical engineering & Computer 
Science. Airframe Mechanic, Business Administration and strategist, 
Human Resource Management
Community Service: Four Years in United States Marine Corp,  Police 
offi   cer in Lakewood, WA. A Volunteer as an Intelligence liason at U.S. 
Border Patrol Yuma, AZ during Enlisted service in United States Marine 
Corp. American Red Cross Volunteer 
Statement: My goal is to create sustainable & aff  ordable housing to 
solve homelessness, bringing law & order back to Seattle & cheaper 
cost of living for everyone. 
My name is Nirav Sheth. My journey from a modest home in India 
to this stage was built on one belief: the American Dream is not 
a gift—it is a promise worth ﬁ  ghting for. I didn’t just come to this 
country; I earned my place here. I swore an oath to protect our 
nation, ﬁ  rst as a United States Marine and later as a Police Offi   cer. 
I know the grit it takes to keep a community safe and the discipline 
required to lead when there is no room for error. Today, our district 
is at a breaking point. If you believe our community is thriving, stay 
the course. But if you feel the higher cost of living & energy, unsafe 
neighbourhood, and the fading light of opportunity, it is time to turn 
the tide. I’ve felt this failure personally. My business, Bistro Baffi  , 
was a victim of the very policies that are driving employers away and 
letting our neighborhoods crumble. I am also running for Congress 
to bring military-grade accountability to Washington, D.C. I also 
want to work on Real Solutions to help homeless people & Energy 
Independence.
In the Marines and in business, I’ve managed budgets where every 
cent mattered. I will treat your tax dollars with that same sacred 
respect. My life has been deﬁ  ned by service; now, I ask for the honor 
of being your voice.
Together, we will secure a legacy of prosperity for our children and 
bring growth back to our community.
 State 
 Congressional District No. 7 
 United States Representative 
 Nirav 
Sheth 
  
(Prefers Republican Party)  
 (206) 816-2977 
 campaign@shethforcongress.com 
 www.shethforcongress.com 