Jurisdiction
77
King County Elections does not correct punctuation, 
grammar, or fact check candidate and measure statements.State Supreme Court
Justice Position No. 5
Legal/Judicial Experience: Judge Sharonda Amamilo was elected to 
the Thurston County Superior Court in 2020, where she presides 
over criminal and civil jury trials, family and juvenile matters, child 
welfare cases, and administrative and lower court appeals. Her 
career includes all aspects of public defense and private practice, 
representing workers, families, small businesses, and youth in foster 
care. She also served as a grievance committee chair and participated 
in collective bargaining at Bates Technical College.
Other Professional Experience: Retired Army Intelligence Warrant 
Offi   cer.
Education: JD - Seattle University; MBA- Saint Martins University; 
Graduate Certiﬁ  cate - Data Analytics from Cornell University-online
Community Service: Board President,  WA Microenterprise 
Association
Statement: The role of a Justice is to uphold the rule of law with 
integrity, fairness, and respect for every individual. Throughout my 
career, I have worked closely with families and individuals facing some 
of life’s most diffi   cult challenges. Those experiences taught me that 
court decisions can change the course of a person’s life and shaped 
my commitment to applying the law thoughtfully, carefully, and fairly. 
I understand the pressures facing working families, small businesses, 
children, and vulnerable communities. I approach every case with 
preparation, humility, care, and respect because people deserve 
to know they were heard and treated fairly in court. I believe the 
best judicial decisions are grounded in preparation, thoughtful 
collaboration, and respect for the rule of law. I also understand the 
Washington Supreme Court plays an important role in helping ensure 
courts across our state function fairly, consistently, and with public 
conﬁ  dence. 
Rated Exceptionally Well Qualiﬁ  ed by the Washington State Veterans 
Bar Association, Pierce County Minority Bar Association, Loren Miller 
Bar Association, QLaw Foundation, and Joint Asian Judicial Evaluations 
Committee; and Well Qualiﬁ  ed by the Latina/o Bar Association of 
Washington.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 5 
 Sharonda 
Amamilo 
  
    
 (360) 851-9783 
 electsharondaamamilo@gmail.com 
 Sharondaforjustice.org 
Legal/Judicial Experience: 41 years legal experience; trial judge (18 
years, Ret.), trial lawyer (23 years). Rated AV Preeminent as a trial 
lawyer and Exceptionally Well Qualiﬁ  ed (Judge and Supreme Court 
candidate). 
Other Professional Experience: Mediator and arbitrator (1990-2008); 
President, Federal Way School Board
Education: 
JD, Seattle University School of Law; BA, University of Puget 
Sound.
Community Service: DMCJA President’s Award for Protecting Judicial 
Independence (2018); Judge William Nevins Award (2014) and Hero of 
Federal Way Schools (2018, 2022) for Commitment to Civics Education; 
Best City Leader (2022); Kiwanis (Everyday Hero Award and more); 
Founder, Aktion Club of Federal Way (service club for adults with 
developmental disabilities), and more.
Statement: Judge Dave Larson’s 41 years of distinguished experience, 
18 years as a trial judge, 23 as a trial lawyer, form an unrivaled record 
making him the most qualiﬁ  ed and best prepared candidate for our 
state’s highest court. 
Dave will restore trust in our courts by rising above partisan 
interests, applying the law without fear or favor, and restoring judicial 
independence. A truly nonpartisan candidate, Dave reaches out to 
Democrats, Republicans, Labor, Business, and voters across Eastern 
and Western Washington, because justice that serves only some of 
us serves none of us. He will protect your individual rights and the 
judicial independence that is currently under threat. 
Dave’s innovative criminal justice reforms have been recognized 
nationwide. He has collaborated with legislative Democrats and 
Republicans to help our trial courts address crime and addiction 
with compassion and accountability. However, our Supreme Court’s 
decisions have weakened that response. As a justice, he will help ﬁ x 
current problems and build towards lasting and eff  ective solutions. 
Our Supreme Court needs Dave’s unique perspective gained from 
his signiﬁ  cant trial judge experience. That experience, integrity, and 
steady judgment are exactly what’s needed to restore trust in, and 
improve, our courts. Vote Judge Dave Larson for Supreme Court.
 Judicial 
 State Supreme Court 
 Justice Position No. 5 
 Dave 
Larson 
  
    
 (206) 207-2903 
 campaign@larsonforjustice.com 
 www.larsonforjustice.com 