--- page 1 ---
Sample Ballot R ead Both Sides o f the Ballot Precinct Sample Gen eral Election 2026 Nov ember 3, 2026 Dou glas Cou n ty P age 1 o f 2 How to v ote Use a dark blue or black ink pen to completely fill in the box to the left of your choice. V ote for one response in each race or resolution. If you vote for more than one, no votes will be counted for that race. If y ou mak e a mistak e Draw a line through the entire candidate name or measure response. Then you may make another choice. Option al write in T o vote for a candidate not listed for that race, fill in the box to the left of the Write in and print the name of the candidate on the dashed line. W ho don ates to camp aign s? View information on financial contributors for federal candidates. Federal Election Commission www.fec.gov T oll Free 1 (8 00) 424 - 9530 View financial contributors for candidates and measures. Public Disclosur e Commission www.pdc.wa.gov T oll Free 1 (877) 601 - 2828 S tar t V otin g Her e In itiativ e to the P eople In itiativ e Measu r e No. IP26 -645 In itiativ e Measu r e No. IP26 -645 con cern s state an d local tax es This measure would repeal a 9.9% tax on annual individual income over $1,000,000; prohibit taxes measured by individual income and taxes on individual income or the receipt of individual income; and define"income." This measure would decrease funding for public K - 12 education, higher education (including universities and community colleges), and human servicees (primarily healthcare). Should this measure be enacted into law? Y es No In itiativ es to the Legislatu r e In itiativ e Measu r e No. IL26 -001 In itiativ e Measu r e No. IL26 -001 con cern s p ar en tal rights r elatin g to their childr en in pu blic school. This measure would repeal amendments to a statute listing certain rights of parents and guardians of public - school children and re - enact the law as it was originally enacted by Initiative to the Legislature 2081. Should this measure be enacted into law? Y es No In itiativ e Measu r e No. IL26 -638 In itiativ e Measu r e No. IL26 -638 con cern s p ar ticip ation in athletics at K -12 schools. This measure would prohibit students it defines as "biologically male" from competing in certain school athletic activities intended for female students only. It would require verification of biological sex by students' healthcare providers. Should this measure be enacted into law? Y es No RE AD: Each can didate for p ar tisan o ffice may state a political p ar ty that the can didate pr efers. A can didate ' s pr efer en ce does n ot imply that the can didate is n omin ated or en dorsed by the p ar ty , or that the p ar ty appr ov es o f or associates with that can didate. Federal: P artisan Office Con gr ession al District #4 U.S. R epr esen tativ e Amanda McKinney (Prefers R epublican P arty) John Duresky (Prefers Democratic P arty) Write - in Con gr ession al District #8 U.S. R epr esen tativ e Kim Schrier (Prefers Democratic P arty) Spencer Meline (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in S tate: P artisan Offices Legislativ e District #7 S tate Sen ator Shelly Short (Prefers R epublican P arty) R onald L McCoy (Prefers Independent P arty) Write - in Legislativ e District #7 S tate R epr esen tativ e P os. 1 Andrew Engell (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in Legislativ e District #7 S tate R epr esen tativ e P os. 2 Hunter Abell (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in Legislativ e District #13 S tate Sen ator Alex Ybarra (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in Legislativ e District #13 S tate R epr esen tativ e P os. 1 T om Dent (Prefers R epublican P arty) Juan "Jerry" Garcia (Prefers Democratic P arty) Write - in Legislativ e District #13 S tate R epr esen tativ e P os. 2 Deanna Martinez (Prefers R epublican P arty) Joshua Thompson (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in Cou n ty: P artisan Offices Assessor Jim Ruud (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in Au ditor Thad Duvall (Prefers Nonpartisan P arty) Write - in Clerk o f Su perior Cou r t Jenn Biggar (Prefers R epublican P arty) Andrea Jester (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in Commission er District No. 3 Marc S. S traub (Prefers R epublican P arty) Michael S. Lesky (Prefers Independent P arty) Write - in Cor on er T anner Bateman (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in Con tin u e V otin g Other Side -->

--- page 2 ---
Sample Ballot R ead Both Sides o f the Ballot Precinct Sample Gen eral Election 2026 Nov ember 3, 2026 Dou glas Cou n ty P age 2 o f 2 County: P artisan Offices Continued Pr osecu tin g A ttorn ey Short/Full T erm Sean P. Lewis (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in Sheriff Short/Full T erm T yler I. Caille (Prefers R epublican P arty) Adam Musgrove (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in T r easu r er Felisha L. R osales (Prefers R epublican P arty) Write - in Cou n ty: Nonpartisan Office Pu blic Utility District Commission er No.2 Molly Doneen Simpson Nick W arner Write - in S tate Ju dicial: Nonpartisan Offices Su pr eme Cou r t Ju stice P osition 1 2- Y ear Unexpired T erm Colleen Melody Scott Edwards Write - in Ju stice P osition 3 David S tevens Jaime Michelle Hawk Write - in Ju stice P osition 4 Ian Birk Sean O'Donnell Write - in Ju stice P osition 5 2- Y ear Unexpired T erm Theo Angelis Dave Larson Write - in Ju stice P osition 7 Debra L. S tephens T odd A. Bloom Write - in Cou r t o f Appeals, Division 3, District 3 Ju dge P osition 1 Megan K. Murphy Write - in Cou n ty Ju dicial: Nonpartisan Office District Cou r t Ju dge Eric C. Biggar Write - in Hospital District Pu blic Hospital District No. 1 Okan ogan an d Dou glas Cou n ties W ashin gton Proposition No.1 BONDS FOR HOSPIT AL RENOV A TION AND IMPR OVEMENT The Board of Commissioners of Public Hospital District No. 1, Okanogan and Douglas Counties, W ashington, adopted R esolution No. 2026 - 10 concerning a proposition for the construction of improvements to Three Rivers Hospital. If approved, this proposition authorizes the District to construct, equip, remodel, renovate, and furnish improvements to Three Rivers Hospital and carry out other capital improvements deemed necessary or advisable by the Commission; issue no more than $48,000,000 of general obligation bonds maturing within 30 years; and levy annual excess property taxes to repay the bonds, all as provided in R esolution No. 2026 - 10. Should this proposition be: Approved R ejected Dou glas Cou n ty Hospital District #2 Proposition No.1 SPECIAL 1 YE AR E X CESS MAINTENANCE AND OPERA TIONS LE VY The Douglas County Hospital District #2 (ambulance services) Board of Commissioners adopted R esolution No. 91 on 28 July 2026, containing a proposition to finance maintenance and operations. This proposition would authorize the District to levy excess taxes upon all taxable property with the District in the sum of $80,000, requiring collection of approximately $0.36 per thousand of assessed valuation in 2027. Should this proposition be approved? Y es No School District Eastmon t School District No. 206 Proposition No.1 BONDS T O REBUILD AND MODERNIZE DE TRIORA TING SCHOOLS AND IMPR OVE SAFE T Y The Board of Directors of Eastmont School district No. 206 adopted R esolution No. 2026- 02, concerning bonds to improve deteriorating school facilities, educational opportunities and safety. This proposition would authorize the District to: rebuild and modernize the oldest and deteriorating portions of Cascade, K enroy and Lee Elementary Schools, including adding permanent classrooms to replace portables; make districtwide priority building and safety upgrades, including improving parking, student pickup/drop off areas, athletic facilities, deteriorating roofing, outdoor lighting, HV A C; issue 125,000,000 of general obligation bonds maturing within 20 years; and levy annual excess property taxes to repay the bonds, all as provided in R esolution 2026- 02. Should this proposition be: Approved R ejected Fir e District Pr oposed Rimr ock Meadows Fir e Pr otection District #9 Proposition No.1 FORMA TION OF RIMR OCK ME ADOW S FIRE PR O TECTION DISTRICT #9 The Douglas County Board of Commissioners adopted R esolution CE 26 - 19B on July 28, 2026, concerning the formation of the Rimrock Fire Protection District, and adopted resolution CE 26 - 25 on 18 August 2026 designating the official name to Rimrock Fire Protection District #9. This proposition would approve the formation of a fire protection district pursuant to R CW 52.02 to provide fire protection to the residents and property owners within the boundaries described in the submitted petition. The district would be financed by a property tax levy and managed by three elected fire district commissioners. Should this proposition be approved? Y es No Pr oposed Rimr ock Meadows Fir e Pr otection District #9 Commission er No. 1 R onald "R on" Cabral Carol Mayer Write - in Pr oposed Rimr ock Meadows Fir e Pr otection District #9 Commission er No.2 Kurt M. Blanchard Write - in Pr oposed Rimr ock Meadows Fir e Pr otection District #9 Commission er No.3 David W alker Write - in Cemeter y District Dou glas Cou n ty Cemeter y District #2 Proposition No.1 SPECIAL 1 YE AR E X CESS MAINTENANCE AND OPERA TIONS LE VY The Douglas County Cemetery District #2 Board of Commissioners adopted R esolution No. 2026 - 001 on 4 August 2026, concerning a proposition for an excess maintenance and operations levy. This proposition would authorize the District to levy excess tax upon all taxable property with the District in the sum of $50,000, requiring collection of approximately $0.22 per thousand of assessed valuation in 2027. Should this proposition be approved? Y es No
